So what this mean? So given this 
 convergence, we we can actually predict 
 certain events that will happen over the 
 next 2 to four years. Okay? 
 Because they all want these things to 
 happen together. All right? So let's 
 look at some quick predictions. 
 Okay. First prediction of course is that 
 the US will use ground troops 
 because using ground troops will create 
 a national draft. 
 And what does a national draft do? It 
 creates a civil war, right? A lot of 
 young people are going to refuse to 
 fight in this war. And this this going 
 to create protest. Then America will 
 have no choice but to deploy the 
 National Guard. And this will create the 
 recipe for a lot of civil conflict in 
 America. Okay. Another thing that will 
 happen is because you use ground troops, 
 you will lose the war and then SENCOM, 
 which is the American military in Middle 
 East, will then transfer over to Israel. 
 Okay. 
 What's happening in this war is that the 
 economies of the GCC 
 are being destroyed and that's part of 
 the plan. Okay? Because for Israel to 
 achieve the greater Israel project, it 
 needs to absorb the GCC and parts of 
 Turkey and parts of Egypt. Okay? So 
 another way of saying this is that the 
 GCC is basically finished. The intention 
 is to collapse their economies and make 
 them irrelevant. 
 Right? The third thing we can expect is 
 that Turkey 
 will enter this war and Saudi Arabia 
 actually will enter the war 
 because you want to use this war to 
 weaken opposition to these esquetologies 
 as much as possible. Okay. So tea and sa 
 will enter this war and they will suffer 
 tremendously because of their 
 participation. 
 All right. 
 Um again the Alexet mosque will be 
 destroyed. 
 Okay. And then you have the rise of 
 Persia. 
 Okay. The rise of Persia. Why is this 
 important? Because um you need the Zic 
 world to unite against Israel for the 
 end of days, right? So you don't mind if 
 actually Iran wins this war because by 
 winning this war Iran will activate its 
 Persian identity and this is important 
 for esquetology because in the war of 
 Gagog 
 people are interpreting Gog which will 
 march against Israel they're 
 interpreting Gogg to be Persia and 
 Russia. Okay. 
 Okay. Together they will ma march 
 against Pax Judeica. Number six is that 
 in Israel you will achieve the Pax 
 Judeica 
 and the Greater Israel project. 
 Okay. So the greater Israel project and 
 Pax Judica are not the same thing guys. 
 Greater Israel is is just basically the 
 territory 
 that the Israelites believed that God 
 had promised their ancestor Abraham. 
 Pasha is a one world government, okay? 
 Based on AI surveillance and the mark of 
 the beast. So um what will happen is 
 that um Israel will use this war to 
 expand its territory and then what will 
 happen is that capital technology 
 um will then start to flow to Israel in 
 order to create the great patria. So 
 think of companies like Nvidia, Oracle, 
 Microsoft, Google. Well, they'll 
 probably transfer themselves to Israel 
 because that is where the power will 
 rest. Okay. Um so perhaps Judea 
 um then you will have 
 um Russia 
 winning a war in Ukraine. Okay. 
 And then um return Greeks to Conenapole. 
 Basically, I know we're saying this is 
 it is possible that um 
 the Greeks go to war against Tokia and 
 then Russia supports the Greeks and 
 return the Greeks to symbol. Okay, but 
 then you're like, wait a minute, Toka is 
 a NATO member. 
 Well, we can also expect 
 destruction of of 
 Europe. Okay. The end of NATO basically. 
 So this war Ukraine, it's not just about 
 Russia protecting its borders. This war 
 Ukraine is also meant to achieve 
 orthodox esquetology to destroy Europe 
 to destroy NATO so that Russia can 
 achieve the third Rome prophecy. That 
 means the destruction of Europe. So I 
 will discuss the Russian Ukraine war 
 later on as as we go along. Okay. But 
 what what I'm trying to show you is that 
 just by okay analyzing the most extreme 
 esquetologies of different religious 
 traditions, 
 you can then from this analysis pick out 
 points in which they agree. Okay? And 
 and at these points you can figure out 
 then how they will affect 
 current geopolitics to make certain 
 predictions about how the war will 
 progress about how the world will 
 transform itself in the next two to four 
 years. Okay. So this is called the law 
 of esqueological convergence. It gives 
 us tremendous insight into why things 
 are turned out the way they are. Okay. 
 Because again, I keep on saying this, 
 but purely from a geopolitical 
 perspective, purely from a real politic 
 perspective, this war in Iran makes no 
 sense. 
 But if you look at from an esotical 
 perspective, then it makes perfect 
 sense. Okay, any questions? 
 Yes. 
 But I think like if we look uh into the 
 war between America and Iran, um I think 
 Trump is trying to destroy Iran as the 
 same way that he destroys Venezora, but 
 it fails, which um led Iran to fight 
 back. So I think this could also explain 
 in a political way, but not religious. 
 >> Okay. 
 All right. That's a great point in that 
 listen, there's an explanation which is 
 that Trump is just stupid. He's 
 arrogant. They had too much success in 
 Venezuela. They go into Iran and they 
 think it's the same thing. And now 
 they're losing. Okay. And because 
 they're losing 
 um they are just panicking. Okay. Okay. 
 That's true. And um if this explanation 
 is true, then what will happen? What we 
 can expect to happen is that Trump 
 declares victory and goes home. 
 Okay, that's what what we can expect. 
 Um, 
 and if if US does go home, then you're 
 right. Okay, so 
 we can expect but sorry. Um, the 
 question then is what happens next few 
 months. All right, 
 what you need to understand is this. Um, 
 war is that simple. Once you start a 
 war, you can't end the war. All right. 
 So, let me explain very really quickly 
 why. Okay. So, you have Iran and the 
 main thing the main advantage that Iran 
 has over the United States is the GGC 
 cannot defend itself. Okay? Because it's 
 just a desert and Iran is a mountain 
 fortress. So, it can shoot rockets. It 
 can shoot drones at the GCC. And the GC 
 can't can't defend itself. Okay? Before 
 they thought these US bases could defend 
 against Iran, but now you recognize 
 these US bases can't defend themselves 
 either. Okay. All right. So, um the 
 other thing that Iran does did was close 
 off the traum. 
 Okay. They closed off the stra and this 
 is important because the GCC then 
 um exports 
 oil to Asia and gets back food. Okay. So 
 the GC basically requires just a 
 straight moves uh in order just to 
 survive. Okay. Now let's just say the US 
 Donald Trump's like, "You know what? 
 Screw this. This is a stupid war. The 
 Middle East is stupid. We're going to go 
 home." Okay. What happens now? What 
 happens is that Iran says to GCC, "Hey 
 man, you attacked us. You destroyed our 
 infrastructure. You destroyed our 
 economy. You have to pay 
 pay a rent pay compensation. Okay. 
 Right. Also, hey man, now we control the 
 stable moves. So if you want to 
 um use strenuous, you have to pay us a 
 toll. You have to pay us a tax, 
 right? So all this money of the GCC 
 before it's going to United States um to 
 fuel the US economy. Now where does it 
 go? It goes to Iran, 
 right? That's a lot of money, man. We're 
 talking about trillions and trillions of 
 dollars. And what will Iran use with 
 this money? It will use its money, this 
 money to repair its economy. So in 5 10 
 years, this is going to be an economic 
 miracle 
 where now Iran is able to industrialize, 
 really fast. And as a result, what's 
 going to happen? What's going to happen 
 is that United States leaves the Middle 
 East. Iran becomes the superpower 
 and controls the entire Middle East 
 right now. What now? Israel has nuclear 
 weapons. And so what's going to happen 
 is that Israel and Iran will sign a 
 peace treaty. Okay? But the United 
 States 
 won't be involved. United States goes 
 home. It doesn't get any money from the 
 GCC. What's going to happen to the US 
 economy? It's going to collapse. Why? 
 Because the entire US economy is based 
 on the stock market, on finance, on AI, 
 on investment from the GCC, right? 
 So the question then is, can the 
 Americans go home? The answer is no, 
 they can't because if they go home, 
 their economy is going to collapse and 
 the people are going to have a 
 revolution anyway. So you're better off 
 sending people to Iran than have the 
 people in America cost a revolution, 
 right? Okay. So, you're right in that 
 it's possible that Donald Trump made a 
 mistake. Doesn't matter if it was 
 intentional or accidental. You have the 
 same outcome and and strangely enough, 
 the strange out this outcome that you 
 have matches that aligns with these 
 different esquetologies in the world. 
 Okay. Does that make sense? Good. All 
 right. Any more questions? 
 All right. Okay. So, we'll continue this 
 next week, guys. Okay.