=== ybufqRY77PQ ===

Today we examine the question why is it that states, countries, nations, they rise and they fall. Okay, so let's start off with an example that you know pretty well. So this is the waring states period and at this point in history there are many powerful states. Okay. So for example the true, the jao, the way. Okay. And if at this point in history, this is about 250 uh B.CE. I asked you to figure out using game theory, which state would unite China and become the first great empire of China. Well, there are certain metrics that you would use to figure out which state would win out. Okay, so obviously you would look at population. Okay, who has the largest population? Okay, so the question of mass. Second question that you would look at is maybe resources, right? And resources, it's basically just farmland. So you would look at basically which areas had the most rivers. Okay? And so you would be like, okay, well this area um you know looks very strategic as is this area as is this area. Okay? And then you would also look at maybe technology. So basically which state has the most scientist, which state has the most advanced literature, arts and then from the these metrics then you could do some analysis and figure out that maybe true would come conquer all of China at some point. Okay. But at no point using any metrics would you assume that Ting would conquer China. And there are certain reasons why. First of all, it's in mountains, so it's pretty poor. Second of all, it's it's pretty away far away from the rivers and trade routes. And third of all, it's pretty isolated. Okay, so for you could not possibly imagine that theQing dynasty would conquer China. But in fact, it is theQing that would come and conquer all of China. And not only that, but if you look at most of human history, this pattern repeats itself. If you look at a region, the strongest nation does not come out on top. It's usually the weakest most marginalized area that will eventually come and conquer the entire territory and create an empire. Okay. So clearly the way that we understand history, it's problematic. It's wrong. So what I want to what I want to do is propose to you a new way to understand how empires come into being. Okay? And this was actually first proposed by um a Muslim scholar historian named Ibin Kudan. Okay. And he proposed the idea of aasayiah. And all this word means is basically cohesion or group solidarity. His theory is that yes, the people in the margins, they're poorer, but because they're poorer, they're more unified. They are more they focus more on solidarity, on working together. Whereas in the rich areas, they become too individualistic. They become too decent, too corrupt. And ultimately that's why it's always these tribes from the margins that actually [snorts] conquer the wealthy civilized areas. Okay? And this is a pattern that repeat repeats itself throughout human history all the time. So it's almost like an iron law of history. So what I want to do is show you that there actually three metrics that you can use to measure how dynamic a society is and how likely it is to triumph in the end. Okay, these three metrics are energy, openness and cohesion. Okay, cohesion just follows the idea of aayiah which is just to say how likely is it that these people are willing to work together? Do they see themselves as a team? Are they willing to sacrifice themselves for each other? Are they a family? Okay, so that's the idea of cohesion. Openness is a very important concept and openness just means how willing are you willing to adapt? How willing are you wi how much are you willing to accept your limitations and be resilient? Okay, so you you can think of openness as um humility as resilience. Energy just means that you're willing to work hard, you're focused, you have a clear goal and you're motivated to achieve this goal. Okay, so these three metrics tell us how dynamic society is going to be. And using these three metrics, we can now better understand why that theQing dynasty was able to conquer all of China. Okay, so the idea is that if you're rich, okay, you're rich, okay, what happens often is that you have low energy. And what this means is that the elite don't want to work anymore. They rather just exploit the other people. Okay, the people. And because the people are being enslaved, they're too much in debt. They have low energy as well. For them, it's not really about building a great nation. It's not really about doing a great job. It's just about getting by. Okay? So, and then the idea of openness is that [snorts] the elite become extremely corrupt. They become very insulated. They become very arrogant. And so they refuse to admit that they're wrong. And as a result, society becomes snack stagnant. It doesn't really improve. And the idea of cohesion is that because of wealth inequality, because of corruption, people are much more individualized, people are much more animized. Okay? And this allows for a uh new group to come in and conquer everyone. Okay? Does that make sense, guys? All right. So, um I'm going to use sorry I'm going to use actually um another example. Okay, an example is the Greek city states. And remember the Greek city states, it's really the height of human civilization. They gave us Homer, Plato, Fidities, uh Sophocles. Okay, just basically the basis for all of western civilization. Now what's interesting is that for most of the of their history, the Greek city states and these are basically like this small small cities. Okay, there are thousand of them and and on average they're about a thousand people each. There are some big city states like Athens but even Athens is not that big. So at its height Athens had about 50,000 people. Okay, so these city states like Athens, thieves, um, Sparta, okay, these are the major ones and there are other Korean argos, they're always in competition with each other, very much like the Chinese waring states as well. And again, if we look at the year 500 BCE, you would think that maybe Athens or Sparta would emerge as the grand unifier of the Greek city states. And in fact, what happened was that Athens did become an empire. But then the other Greek the other Greek city states start to attack Athens and Athens declined over time. Okay? And the advantage that Athens had over everyone else was just tremendous. First of all, Athens had the greatest navy. Okay, as you can see, uh the AGN is primarily about who controls the seas. So a so was able to control the trade routes in the um Aian. Therefore, it's the wealthiest city state. It have the greatest population, has the most innovation. It has the most strategic location. It has most most wealth. So, you would just assume that Athens would come to conquer all the Greedy states. But in fact, it was the Macedonians, okay, who came in and conquered all the city states. And at this time in history, you couldn't possibly imagine that because the Macedonians were poor. They were isolated. They were not all cultured. They were univilized. Okay. But again, they had energy, openness, and cohesion. And that allowed them to conquer the citystates. What's most what's amazing is that even after this area was unified, okay, the Maconians would then do the impossible and go over and conquer the great Persian Empire, the first great empire in human history. It was huge. It was Egypt, Anatolia, Mesopotamia, the Zagos malt mountains, Persia. It was everywhere. And in a very quick amount of time, the Macedonians under the Great, they sailed across the Aian. landed a small fort and then very quickly in about 10 years time conquered the entire Persian Empire. And at this point in history is you would think that the Persian Empire sorry you would think that the new national empire would be invincible but then what happened a few decades later is the rise of the Romans. Who are the Romans? Well, at this time in history, we don't know who they are. Okay. Um uh Rome is probably here somewhere. Okay. But as you can see, the entire Italian peninsula is being colonized by the Greeks. And then the Romans, who are, you know, these poor backward tribal people, eventually over time they will conquer the entire Italian peninsula and they're going to go and conquer the Greek u mainland and then go go south to conquer uh Carthage as well and they will create the Roman Empire. Okay, so this is a pattern that repeats itself throughout human history. The empire becomes corrupt, lazy, arrogant. This and this gives opportunity for a troubled people, whether it's a Macedonians, whether it's aqing, whether it's a Romans to come and conquer all of them. Okay. But now the question then is okay if that's true. Um and so let's look at more examples, okay, of this. Let's look at the Aztecs. And the Aztecs is even a more stark example. So this is this is about the 16th century 15th century. Okay, as you can see um the Mexican peninsula it's it is divided into different waring city states. Okay, very similar situation to the Greek city states and the Chinese city states. Then what's happen is the Aztecs we are going to come in from the north. Okay. And the Aztecs are um a poor tribe that's starving. Okay. So, they're basically from uh North America. They come in because they're looking for food and they're warrior people. So, they're hired by other city states to fight for them. Eventually, they become too powerful. So, they become isolated onto a marsh. Okay? And this marsh, it's poor. And everyone just put them just assumed that they would starve to death in this marsh. What's amazing is that as a people they became very creative and they turn this marsh into farmland and over time they will slowly come to conquer everyone. Okay. And they establish the Aztec Empire which rules over millions and millions. And then what happens which is one of the greatest mysteries in human history is you have another group of people called the concquisidors from Spain and there's only about 500 of them okay arriving about the year 195 1519 they come in and in like a very short amount of time they conquer the entire Aztec Empire and Spain comes to rule basically all of South and Latin America. Okay. So even though yes we have a formula in place whichever group has the most energy whichever group is the most open the most cohesive will conquer the other groups it still doesn't explain to us how this happened how this guy uh Hernandez with 500 conquisttors was able to come in and conquer a land uh of millions and millions. Okay. Now, there are historical explanations including of course disease. Uh people from Spain had diseases and the Aztecs were not did not have the immune system to counter uh these these diseases. Another explanation is um the Aztecs believed that these conquesters were gods and that's why they surrendered very quickly. Another explanation is that the conquesttors had allies, local allies that were pissed off at the Aztecs. But again, these explanations, they sound okay. They sound like they work, but they don't actually give us the full picture of what really happened. And in game theory, what we're really trying to figure out is what happened exactly. Okay, it's a game. How are the players um playing the game? What are their motivations? What are their incentives? Okay, does it make sense? Okay, that's that's what we're trying to figure out what actually happened in this instance. [snorts] Uh I want to look at one more example before we look into the theory of game in in game theory. Okay, this is one of the early civilizations in human history. Okay, in fact um it's considered the first great civilization of human history. It is the Samrians. And what happened was that um you look at a world map. Okay, this is a world map, right? Mesopotamia is a center of the world because you want to access the rest of the world, you have to go through Mesopotamia. And if you look at Mesopotamia, the center of Mesopotenia is a place called Uric. Okay, sorry. U okay, [snorts] which is here. Okay, as you can see, Uric is the meeting place of the Euphrates and the Tigris. And if you look at this, the URI uh allows you to access uh the Persian Gulf, which gives you access to India, [clears throat] okay? Or we call the IBC, the Indis Valley civilization. And then um and then you allow and then traders are able to take the goods and cross to Egypt, okay? And then you're able to go north to Anatolia. So why did Europe become the first great world city? Because it was a center of all global trade. So different people came together into the city in order to establish a trading post. Okay. And over time it grew and it grew and grew because it was very wealthy. Okay. And over time um it colonies elsewhere. Okay. So it's up colonies in other places. And then eventually these different city states came into conflict with with with each other which is the same process as what happened with the Chinese waring states as well as the Greek city states. And you would assume that one of these city states would conquer the rest. But in fact again it was these tribal mercenaries uh from an isolated region called the Acadians. The Aadians who would come and conquer everyone else. Okay. and the Acadians. Okay. And after after they they built the first empire, okay, then what happened is that other people come over and conquer them as well. And then you had people from the Zagos mountains, the Persians basically come in and unify the entire area and create the Persian Empire. All right. So this is a pattern that emerges throughout human history. It's a pretty consistent pattern. Okay, we have theories as to why this is happening. Yes, we do know that groups that are energetic, open, and cohesive are will triumph over other groups. But the idea of game theory is to figure out exactly what happened. Okay. So, let's go over exactly what happened. And I I will show you that what's happening is that as nations rise and fall, the games they play changes. Okay? Does that make sense? The game changes and therefore their motivations, their incentives, their strategies change over time. All right. Okay. So, um are are we clear about the history here? All right. Okay. All right. So, in the beginning, okay, game theory game. Okay. Rise. Okay. In the beginning, you as a people need to come together and build a land in which you can all prosper or at least have food to eat. Okay? Therefore the game is cooperation and the mechanism cooperation actually religion. So in this first game okay what you're trying to do is you're trying to create a dynamic religion that motivates people to be energetic to give them reason to work really hard. Okay. And the people who are best able to articulate this religion become the elite. Okay. And this includes poets and priests. All right, poets and priests. And at this point in history, it's basically a startup. Okay, everyone's enthusiastic. Everyone's working hard. Everyone feels as though they're making a positive contribution to the world. But over time, what happens is that the elite, okay, become hereditary. The game becomes how do I the elite pass on my privileges to my children? Okay. And and the way they do that is by changing the religion. Okay. The religion now becomes almost like a bureaucracy. So in the first game, the religion is about energy. It's about creativity. It's about working together. Okay. But then in the second iteration, the the religion becomes like a bureaucracy which is like you must follow the rules of the game. Okay. The rules of the game are set. There's a hierarchy and you must obey this hierarchy. Okay. [snorts] Now then what happens is a process called elite overp production. Okay, the idea of late over production is that yes, these privileges are being passed on to the children, but now over time they have there are too many children. And so what happens is that society breaks up into different factions. Okay? And usually what happens is that these factions are divided according to the princes. Okay? So if there are four princes, okay, who are about to inherit the throne, there are four different factions that support them. That does that does not mean the prince is the leader of the faction. It just means that the prince is the symbol of a faction. Okay. All right. And at this time in history, the way that they reduce the conflict is is the losing factions. What what they do is they move away. Okay? They're exile. Okay? And then they have to set up a new colony. And this is a process that continues where the losers of the game are forced into exile until there's no more place to colonize. Okay? And now you have the waring states period. Okay? The waring states period. And in fact, what's interesting is that the waring states period is a time of maximum creativity for a civilization. Why? is the idea of open cooperative competition. Okay. So, back to theQing, back to the Greeks, uh the um Samrians, there are different colonies, okay? And they're all competing against each other. And so, you need to be open and innovative if if you're triumph, okay? At the same time, they're trading with each other. So they're sharing best practices. They're sharing innovations with each other. Okay? So this leads to the idea of open competition, which again marks the height of the civilization. So guess what guys, China's been around for 5,000 years, but most of the invasions happened when? It happened during the waring states period. 100 years when we had k confusious mons uh la it's basically everyone. Okay. All right. And and [clears throat] if you just look at um other civilizations, it's the same for other civilizations as well where if you look at the Greeks um during the classical period, they basically created everything that becomes the foundation for western civilization. Okay, does that make sense? All right. Now what's interesting is what happens next. Eventually what happens is these city states figure out that you know what yes the game is we compete against each other but we can also choose to work together. Okay. How do you work together? By intermarriage. Okay intermarriage. And the idea of intermarriage creates the idea of equilibrium. And at this point in history warfare becomes organized warfare. Okay. So remember uh before warfare was about innovation but now when these elites from different city states when they intermar with each other okay they have a new equilibrium. So they are above the above the state now. Okay. Does it make sense guys? All right. So now when they fight, it's not really about fighting each other. It's about reducing their population to maintain control. Okay? It's a way to resolve the elite o over production issue. We have too many people struggling for too many status positions. And the way you do that is through population control. Okay? So warfare becomes a mechanism of population control. All right? So even though these city states are still in theory competing against each other they essentially now have reach an equilibrium and equilibrium a no for equilibrium is basically they have empire. Okay. All right. So now the game changes. Before during the war states period, it was a game to see which state would be the best, the most innovative, and that's why you invite people who um could contribute the most to your city state. Okay, that's that's why you were meritocracy. You only pro promoted the best and the brightest. Once you reach an equilibrium, you don't have to do that. Okay, all you have to do is just maintain the status quo. And so what happens is you create this rigid hierarchy. And what matters is who reaches the top office hierarchy. And as a result, you create court politics, right? Court politics or factional struggle factions. Okay? Does it make sense, guys? All right. So if you look at any court politics, the faction that triumphs is the one that's able to solve three problems. Okay, three problems. These three problems are secrecy, trust, and coordination. Remember, in theory, everyone has to obey the bureaucracy, right? [snorts] But if you just play by the rules of the game, you're going to lose. So, what you want to do is you want to cheat in the game. The way But if you want to cheat in the game, you have to do so secretly. Okay? You have to do secretly. But if you do so secretly, that creates a problem of like how do you trust each other? If you don't if you and if you if you're doing it all in secret, the problem is like how do you coordinate? How do you move together, right? Because you you can't have meetings where you take notes because if you're discovered, you'll all be executed by the other factions. Okay? So, historically, the way we resolve this issue is through the idea of secret societies. [snorts] Okay. So, um let's figure out how secret societies work. And this is true for China. This is true for the Greeks. This is true for the Aztecs. This is true for everyone. Okay. But like there's certain um aspects of secret societies. Okay. The first is idea of secrecy. Okay. How do you do that? Well, you do that through the idea of a hierarchy. Okay. Hierarchy or compment comprementalization. And so there are different so within single societies there's a hierarchy as well where only have people at the very top know what's going on and if you want to join you initiate it but you have put at the bottom okay and slowly you climb the ladder okay and this is to maintain secrecy trust how do you get people to trust each other well you get people to trust each other through the idea of transgression okay so if we cheat on attached together we are much more likely to trust each other. Doesn't make sense because if you're caught you you you all get punished. Okay. So by bringing the law together we can trust each other. Okay. And the most basic type of um transgression is the idea of ritual sacrifice. Okay. And the idea of ritual sacrifice is you basically decide to go kill someone together. Okay. you capture that person then for some um uh ritual you then kill that person. Okay, doesn't make sense and then to solve the problem of coordination you have the idea of esquetology. Esquetology is just mythology. All right, like why are you guys doing what you're doing? Okay. And the answer often is because we're trying to serve a higher god that wants to conquer the world and we are his servants in this quest to conquer the world and end the world to make it a paradise. Okay. So different suicides have different esquetologies but the system is the same. Okay. Doesn't make sense. Okay. And what happens is and this is like really important guys. Every faction has to form their own secret society. And now the game of empire becomes one of a struggle between different secret societies. Does it make sense? Meaning what? Meaning you don't care what happens to the empire. You don't care about the enemies of the empire. All you care about that you your team emerges on top of the game. Okay? And so what does that mean? It means that you become sorry insular. All right. Okay. You become insular. You also become corrupt. Okay. Because you need resources to play this game. So what you do is you steal from the people. Okay? It's all it's all about trying to steal as much as you can in order to feed your faction. You become insular. you become corrupt. Okay. Um and then divided. Okay. Do you understand? This is what happens because of different factions within the empire or the equilibrium. They become insular, they become corrupt and they become uh divided. Okay. which is why they ultimately lose to these struggle factions because the opposite of insular of course is open. The the um the opposite of corrupt is energetic and the opposite of divided is of course cohesive cohesion. Okay. Okay. Now we understand why ultimately the borderlands the tribes and borderlands are able to conquer the empire or the equilibrium. Okay, does that make sense, guys? All right, but there's actually more to this. Okay, the and so what happens is that you have the different factions, okay? Societies fighting against each other. And again, from their perspective, all they care about is winning against the other factions. So what do they do? What they do is they invite other foreigners to come help them. Hey, do you understand? Okay. So, these are what are called mercenaries. [snorts] All right. And these mercenaries come into them and their leadership is absorbed into the societies through um esquetology, through transgression, through hierarchy. Okay. All right. So this is what happens. These mercenaries actually invited in. Okay. And and and like but there's always contact. Okay. kind of through trade banditry mercenary. Okay, doesn't make sense because these people these in the regions they're so poor they'll do anything to survive. So they'll trade of you but they also steal from you and they also come and fight for you. Okay. What's important is that through trade they're becoming wealthier. Through benetry they're becoming wealthier as well. And by become by working as your mercenaries they're de they are learning your best technology, your best fighting skills, your best weapons. Okay. Right. And then what happens is that the mercenaries eventually take over. Okay. At first they merge, but then the mercenaries just kill everyone and then take over. And that's how what happens. That's why theQing were able to conquer the waring states. Okay? They don't teach you this in history class, but according to game theory, what happened was that different factions of these different states actually inviting just basically conquered one by one by one. Does that make sense? Same thing with the Macedonians, right? The master came in and helped one city state. Then they call one city state and move on to the next. Okay. But it was always a certain part of that city state, a certain faction of that city state which invite the mark is in the first place. Okay? Doesn't make sense. And this is a pattern that repeats itself throughout human history. Okay? So if you want to know what's going to happen today, what's going to happen tomorrow, just figure out which areas of the world are the most energetic, most open, and most cohesive, and then figure out which empires are the most corrupt, most insular, and the most divided. Okay? And then you'll figure out who will conquer who. All right? Does that make sense, guys? All right? So, I'm going to give you two more examples to better illustrate how this works. All right? So when I was in high school in Canada, we played a game called the world game. And in this game, it's very simple. Okay, you're you're put into a team of maybe four or five players. Okay. And then each team is assigned a country like maybe USA, Britain, uh India, Pakistan, Japan and then each team is given an envelope. Okay. And then with within this envelope you're given certain resources. Okay. So basically, you know, paper, scissors, ruler. Okay. And then there's there's an or organization called the World Bank. And what you're trying to do is you're trying to become the wealthiest country in the world. The way you do that is you take your resources and you turn it into commodities that the World Bank buys from you. Okay? Okay, so maybe like triangles and circles and squares. Okay, but to create these commodities, you need resources, right? You need scissors, you need rulers, you need paper, you need glue, okay, but different countries will have different resource resources. So United States has everything. Okay. And Pakistan is interesting because Pakistan usually gets nothing. Okay. There are no resources. But you're allowed to trade with each other, right? Okay. You're allowed to trade with each other. [snorts] Okay. So, even though you have nothing, you can go to United States and beg and say, "Oh, oh, can I please borrow your ruler for for today?" Okay. You go to Britain says, "Hey, can I can I borrow your paper for today?" Okay? Or, "Hey, I'll come work for you for free." Right? You can trade. And so you play this for for one day and it's really interesting what happens. Okay, usually what happen I'm not saying all the time but I've seen this happen a lot. At the end of the day you you look at who are the wealthiest countries in the world. What happens is well the United States becomes number one. Okay. Why? Because United States just has everything in the world. It is the wealthiest country in the world. It has too much resources. Okay. But number two is interesting. You would think it would be Japan and Britain, but it's actually Pakistan, okay? The country that starts out with nothing at all. Why? Because they're forced to be the most energetic, the most open, and most cohesive. Team members have to go and beg to work for free. Okay? Other team members go and lie and cheat and steal. Okay? They're forced to be resourceful and creative. Okay? the world game. And that's how the world works, guys. Just because you have the most resources, just because you have the most people does not mean you'll win the game at the end. What matters is how energetic your people are, how open they are, how resourceful they are. That's what matters. Okay? And often they are open, energetic, and cohesive because they're poor. All right? It's that simple. Pakistan has nothing. So they're they're forced to be creative. Poverty leads to creativity. Okay. Another thing this is that if I were to surmise the future, I would say right now in in East Asia, I would think that North Korea has a better future than China. Okay? Just based on history. And it would be like that's impossible. North Korea can feed its own people. Well, I understand that. But if you know game theory, okay, and you understand the principles that we've learned today, then you're forced to conclude that in East Asia, North Korea has a better future than China because ultimately it's about how open, energetic, and cohesive the people are as opposed to how rich and powerful you are. Okay, does that make sense? I will also point out another example. Okay. [snorts] So before teaching in high school, I was teaching uh teachers how to teach STEM. Okay. State STEM education. And I usually run two-day workshops. And what I would do is I go into a school and I divide the faculty, the teachers into teams, okay? Like teams of like four or five. There'd be like 10 teams. Okay? There'd be a lot of teachers. And the way I teach is I would give them an assignment and I I I would give them resources and I and it would be a competition. Okay, so for example, let's look at which team can build the fastest car. Okay, toy car. Let's look at let's look at which team can build um the best airplane. Uh let's look at which team can build a catapult. Okay, so so I would give them some resources. I give them the assignment and then they would work on a whole day. Okay. Now, what's interesting is at the end of the first day, you would have I would rank the teams. Okay. And then number two, and then day two, we would start the competition again with a new assignment. On day two, which team would finish first? Do you guys know? So after day one all 10 teams are ranked according to their success. Okay. So team one has the best 10 team team 10 has the worst. What happened the second day? Can you guys guess? >> I think team 10 wins. >> Yeah. Okay. According to game theory, what happens is team 10 wins. And this this exactly what happens. The results are reversed. Okay. number 10 shoots up to number one and then number one falls all the way down. This is what happens a lot. It's it's actually common sense if you think about it, right? If you're the best student in the school, you never have to reflect. You never have to like think about how to improve because you're always number one. So you become arrogant. You become complacent. So after you graduate from school, what happens? You can't find any work because people find you too arrogant. You refuse to learn. You want to be the boss. You want people to just listen to you. Okay. But if you're the worst student in a school, you're used to being laughed at. You're used to um constantly adapting. Okay? So when you go into the workplace, you are much more likely to uh learn. You're much more likely to focus on relationships. Okay? So in China China, there's a joke, right? In school, there are two people that everyone hates. Okay? the best student and the worst student. Why do you hate the best student? Because the best student is going to graduate and come back as your principal one day. Why do you hate the worst student? Because he's going to graduate and come back and give you a lecture on how to become rich. Okay? That's why in China, everyone hates the best student and the worst student. And these are and these are two students who will probably be the most successful. Okay? Especially the worst student because the worst student, regardless of all his problems, he's openminded. He's willing to work hard and he's willing to help build teams and make make sacrifices so that others become his friend. Okay. Right. Um uh yeah we have a question. Um so like for example for this case in day two the team 10 becomes the first one and the first team becomes the last but will the like will the previously the first team been forced to be open and to be energetic and then be number one again on the third day. That is a great question. Thank you for asking it. Okay so in my experience this is what happens. Okay. What happens is that if what happens if we keep on going right? What happens in day three day team team day day three day four. Okay this this this what happens. Team one really screws up on day two, right? They finish first in day one. Day two, they screw up. Day three and day four, they continue to screw up. Why? Because they don't know what they did wrong and they refuse to um reflect. Do you understand? Okay. So, we see this in history where an empire once it rises, it falls. It never comes back. It never comes back. Do you understand? It never rise up up again. Now, it's possible that new people come in and use the name of the empire, okay? But it's not the same people anymore. It's a different team. So, that's a danger of being number one. Once you're number one, you become so arrogant that it's that impossible for you to be humble again. Okay. Um, team two, we go down. Okay. So it's very unlikely that you have a system where okay uh team one they fall but then they reflect and become number one again. Okay. It doesn't work that way. When societies fall they just die off. Okay. It's possible a new group comes and pretends to be them but they're actually a different people. And and that's just way that humans work. Okay. Does that make sense? Yes. >> Okay. Yep. So on the third day, the team 10 will become the second last group because they fall and the n the group nine will be the first one. Is that the cycle that will go on? >> Um yeah. So I' I've never run a day three so I can't say for sure. Okay. But but that that's what should happen. Okay. All right, that's what should happen where yes, team 10 will fall off and a new team will come into place. Okay. All right. And if you look at history, that's just the way it is. Again, we don't have an example of where an empire fell but then the people decide to like change their um their uh mentality and then they become the best again. Okay. So, in the future, if you if we apply this theory, there should be three countries that will emerge as great empires in our history. Okay, Germany. Why? Because they lost World War I and lost World War II. Does that make sense, guys? They were never an empire. They were never a world empire. So, Germany, according to this theory, will one day come to rule the world or at least Europe and Asia. Okay? And if you if you actually look at their history, what happened in World War I, World War II, they lost millions of people. Okay? So, Germany will will be one day a great empire. I'm pretty sure of it actually. And then there's another country that would be a great empire and that is Japan because Japan lost World War II. They were never a great empire. So Japan should come to dominate East Asia according his theory. Remember the Americans dropped two nukes on Japan, right? And also look at World War II, the Americans destroyed Japan with firebombing. They the Americans killed more fire bombing than actually did with the nukes. Okay? But Japan was destroyed. It was humiliated. And and now you go to Japan, you can see how energetic people are, right? You can see how open they are. And you can see how cohesive they are. You understand? Because Japan was destroyed in World War II. It's something that force them to reflect as a people and now they want vengeance basically. All right. And the last country of course is Israel, right? Because Israel, the people in Israel believe that for thousands of years they were persecuted by other people. Okay. So these are three great empires that we we will move towards in our history. Germans, Japan uh uh Japanese and the Israelis. Okay. Does that make sense? >> Mhm. >> All right. The Americans are done. >> How about China? >> Done. Okay. [snorts] All right. [clears throat] Look, look guys, guys. I mean like like this is all just a theory, okay? But all I'm saying is look around you and ask yourself, are the people here open-minded? Are they willing to learn from their mistakes? Do they ever say I'm wrong? Are people energetic? Do do they take their work very seriously? If I give people an assignment, will they work really hard to make sure it's done well? Do people feel as though they're all part of one big group? Are are they willing to make sacrifices for each other? Okay, Japan is. Okay, that's all I'm saying. and maybe even the North Koreans are. All right, does that make sense, guys? And again, it's all just a theory. All right, I I'm just proposing to you a theory of how to understand the world, but what's actually going to happen, I can't actually tell you, right? But according to this theory, um Germany and Japan and Israel will be the three great nations. Any more questions, guys? >> Yeah. C can you can you >> Oh, yeah. But like for example the uh Japan that it did didn't have that much sources. So how could they succeed? [laughter] >> I I keep on telling you guys you don't need resources. You can cheat, you can steal, you can beg. All right. Okay. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. >> Okay. Like like if you just go back to the world game, um whichever team starts off with the least resources are often the most creative. Okay. When I mean creative, they'll just like go and like lie to people. Says, you know, like I'll come work to you for free, but then you'll steal some some resources yourself. Okay. All right. Because they have actually no choice in the matter, right? Uh yeah. Yeah. So I have a little questions like uh you you say that those who are poorest and like in the most dangerous positions always have the most energy and cohesions to succeed. But I I think eventually >> All right. So so so so okay. Let me be precise. Okay. Yeah. >> Just because you're poor does not mean you're open, energetic, and cohesive. Okay. Does not mean that. >> But if you want to go from being poor to becoming rich, you have to be open, energetic, and cohesive. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. So >> because in Africa, they're poor, but doesn't mean they're open, energetic, and cohesive. >> Yeah. So, so my question is like after they become successful and they are eventually re rich, I think like like all society they may fall as like be when they reach the their their their higher state, right? >> Yes. >> Yes. >> Yeah. And so my question is uh like you you say that like the J Japan or Germany will eventually become the like the leader of the of the of their like >> regions >> regions but like I I understand that after World War II the Japan and German really develop very fast but like now they are all wealthy societies and also [snorts] They're young the youngesters the young the the new like people in their country forget about the war and they well when they born they born in the wealthy and like happy happy societies. So how can you make sure that the the society those society will continue to cohesions and developed but not like just to fail like other rich societies. >> Okay, you know that's a great question. That's a great point. Okay, you're absolutely right because after World War [snorts] II uh Japan and Germany become very wealthy. So if they become very wealthy then in theory shouldn't they become also corrupt, insular and arrogant? And the answer is no. Okay? And there's good reason why. Because ultimately power means that you're able to impose your game on other people. You're able to make other people play your game and therefore you're able to extract rent from other people. Okay? And that's what and that's what these secret sides are fighting for. They're fighting for power. Who becomes the game master. The problem with Japan and Germany is yes became very wealthy but the game master was America. And ultimately America decided that their money belongs to me. Okay. So an example of this is something called the plastic courts. Okay. Plac courts. [snorts] Basically the plastic court just meant that um Japan was was becoming too wealthy. America got very annoyed. So America said to Japan I want you to destroy your economy. And Japan's like how? America says just say says I want you to spend too much money. I want you people to stop saving money and start spending money. Go overseas and buy whatever crap you want. Okay? [snorts] Do you understand? So in theory it seemed as though Japan got rich but Japan got rich but it never had any power. It it it could not be a sovereign nation. Okay. Power means that you're able to impose your will on other people. Same with Germany where yes Germany became very wealthy but all that money went where? It went to America right? Same with Japan. Japan all that money went to America. H how? Because they were forced to buy US treasury bonds. Okay. And then America could do stuff to you. For example, um America could force Japan to sign a plastic cord and force Japan to destroy its own economy. And America could also destroy Germany's pipeline, North Street. And there's nothing Germany can do about it. Okay? In fact, the German economy has been destroyed right now because Germany is a vassal state to America. So when um Russia invaded Ukraine, America just basically said to Germany, you can no longer do business deals with Russia. But before Germany required Russian oil and energy to fuel its economy. Okay. America also said to Germany, you can you can no longer trade with China. But before most of uh German car exports were going to China, right? >> Yeah. And because Germany was forced out of the China market, China was able to develop its own manufacturing industry. >> Okay. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. >> So it seems as though Germany and Japan become very wealthy. They were not. They they were just vast states to America. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. So I have a >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh so like you said that only those society who are very poor but they want to they have the ability to co to to cohisions and be energetic and they can they can like eventually become the ruler of the regions. But what decide a society or a poor society to become energetic cohesions or not? Like why Japan or German uh have that energy but like those other countries that may also like be defeated on in the war or is very poor uh cannot. >> Yeah, that's a great question. Yeah. So the answer the obvious answer is a leader. Okay. So you look at the Mongols, right? the Mongols uh before the emergence of of gang of Khan, the Mongols were almost like a vassal state, right? Because the Mongols were divided, they were poor, um they they were willing to do whatever it took to survive. And so um they became mercenaries to the Song, they became mercenaries to other groups as well. Okay. But then emerg to unify everyone. And once he was able to unify everyone, the Mongols were very quickly able to destroy everyone else. Okay? So it's usually a great leader. But leader doesn't necessarily mean a general. It could also mean a poet, right? So someone like Homer or a great thinker to give you a new religion. Okay? So for example, the person had someone called Zorah which who we studied last semester. Okay? Even Jesus. Okay? But it's someone to come in to say that we are a people and it could be a poet, it could be um a general, [snorts] it could be a um prophet, a priest, doesn't matter. Okay. But that one person then unifies the imagination of everyone into one cohesive group. >> Okay. Does that make sense? >> Yeah. >> Okay. But that's a great question. Thank you. Okay. And that's why some certain groups uh are able to um cohhere together and other groups are not because one um person is able to merge and you know that's why okay we'll talk about this later on but that's why the world is the way it is. Why do we have organizations like the United Nations? Why do we have international development aid? The goal guys is to identify the possibility of a leader emerging and make sure he does not emerge. You understand? Okay. If you left Africa alone, Africa will be a lot better. But because you have all these schools, all these NOS's, all these organizations in Africa, what they're really doing is ensuring that Africa is in a continuous state of development. Okay? If you just left them alone, they might starve. But at the same time, a great deal might emerge to unite all of them. You understand? Okay. But we'll talk about this next class. How the American Empire controls the world. [snorts]


=== CbamEcNuDXo ===

Today I want to examine why you Chinese students behave the way you do. Okay. So believe it or not, but the way that you behave, the game that you are playing, it's strange. It's weird. So I'll point out three things that you do that don't really make any sense. The first thing that you do is you spend a lot of your time learning English. In fact, you probably spend more time learning English than you do learning Chinese. That's weird. And I've asked Chinese students before why they are so focused on learning English. And their answers usually are, I want to learn knowledge. I want to go abroad. I want to communicate. I want to use the internet. That's not really a good explanation. Okay. So, that's one thing that's weird. Second thing that's weird is you're obsessed with making money, especially US dollars. Okay. And the third thing that's weird is that your goal in life is to immigrate to a western country, uh, specifically United States, right? You all want to go United States for college, get a degree, and hopefully stay there, get a good job. But as we discussed before, that's strange because you are much higher status in China. You're much more likely to get a good job. You're much more likely to marry a bit of a woman than you are United States where the game is rigged against you. Okay? So, this sort of behavior is weird. If you think about it, what you should be really trying to do is master Chinese. Because once you master Chinese and given your family background, given the fact that your family is often wealthy and well connected in China, you can climb up pretty high in China. Okay? So if you want if you learn Chinese, you're far better able to communicate yourself. You're far more uh likely to gain respect and status in China. Okay? But instead you learn English. Um US dollars doesn't make any sense. What you really want is status, right? What you really want is to be well respected. You want a prestigious job. You want to marry a beautiful woman. You want to have lots and lots of children. That's what you really want. But instead, you're really focused on obtaining US dollars. That's kind of strange. Now, the last thing we said was immigration. You if you go to um United States, it's really a rigged game against you, right? The most that you can hope to obtain is maybe become an engineer or professor if you're really really smart, but you're not going to achieve political power. You're not going to become a CEO of a major company. All right? So, the situation as it is, it's really weird where the best in Brighton China, they just want to be common people in the United States or Britain or Canada. So, it's a really weird game. And so the question we want I want to look at today is how was this game constructed? Why do we play this game? And the answer I will show you is because of the British. Okay. The British Empire create this game that ultimately the Americans inherit and which the entire world world's played today because America is the global superpower. Um, okay. Does that make sense? All right. So, first I want to go into some history and explain to you how we got to where we are. So, this is the map of the Spanish Empire at the height of its power. As you can see, the Spanish Empire cover the entire globe. Okay, so this is a spa small nation in Spain and it was able to really cover the entire world. So how was this accomplished? Okay, so the first thing you need to understand is that for most of its history, Europe was a very poor place and in order for it to obtain wealth, it had to trade with the world. Specifically, it wanted spices from what what they call the East Indies, okay, Southeast Asia. Um, at this time in history, the main power were the Muslims who are here, okay? And if you if you want to trade with um East Asia, you have to go through the Muslims. And at this point in history, uh Spain is Muslim. It's it's a it's a place called uh Andu Lassa. But then the Christians were able to reconquer Spain. And so the Muslims decided that we'll just blockade you or if you want to trade with us, we will charge you a lot of levies. Okay? And so now the Spanish and the Portuguese are forced to look for new routes to these indies where the spices are. Remember at this time in history spices are the most valuable commodity. They're actually worth more than gold. Okay, I'm talking like cinnamon, nutmeg, pepperc corn. Okay, these spices are extremely valuable commodities. In fact, one ship um if you if you're able to bring bring one ship of these spices back to Europe, well, you had intergenerational wealth. Okay, you become one of the wealthiest people in Europe. That's how valuable these spices were. And [snorts] so now the the Spanish and the Portuguese have no choice but to discover new routes to these indies. So they went this way. And this is hard because um Africa is not really hospitable. There are a lot of viruses, diseases in Africa. So they they started to go so they start to explore all around the world and they went to North America and South America. And when they went to North and South America, they discovered that there were already peoples, the Aztecs, the Incas living there and they had a lot of wealth because these were empires and they could easily conquer. And so they set up these colonies all around um South America and a lot of silver was now being transported back to Spain. And so overnight, Spain became extremely wealthy. But as we discussed last class, if you become too wealthy and too powerful, you changed as a people. Before you were energetic, you were open. You were cohesive. That's what made you an empire. But now all this wealth, you become insular. You become arrogant and you become extremely closeminded. Okay? You become lazy. And so the Spanish, they had all this wealth and they decided that they really don't they want to work anymore. Okay? So, so what happened? Well, what happened was that [snorts] they start to subcontract um their labor to other places. Okay. So, um so now what's going to happen is you will have the rise of England, French and the Dutch Republic mainly. Okay. to to provide textiles, luxury goods to um Spain, right? So how this was accomplished was first industry. So the Spanish because they were so wealthy didn't want to work and their people didn't have to work either. Okay? So but they wanted to buy clothes, nice clothes. So what happened was they got other nations to be the factories including Britain, the Dutch Republic and France. Okay, that's the first thing. Second thing that happened was trade. Okay, so the Spanish um did engage in trade, but now that they're so wealthy, they could just hire the Dutch to do it. Okay. Now, the Dutch were responsible for going to the East Indies and bringing back uh the spices because it's a very dangerous job, right? You could you could get sick, you could die along the way. Um you could also lose a lot of money. Okay? And the reason why the Dutch agreed to this is that the Dutch was basically a colony of the Spanish. So, the Spanish had an empire and the Dutch were part of this empire. So they just made the Dutch gold do it for them. Okay. But the third thing that happened um was piracy. Okay. So all this silver was being transported from the new world back to Spain. And what the uh English [snorts] realized is hey we engage in piracy and steal this silver for ourselves. Okay. All right. So now the English became very wealthy because of piracy. Okay. And the most famous pirate of this time of course was surf as Drake and he worked directly under the monarch Elizabeth the first. Okay. [snorts] So this was a state sponsored piracy that made um Britain very wealthy. Okay. So now you have this divergence where okay you have the Spanish empire and because of their wealth they became u lazy, insular and arrogant or the word we use is hubris. Okay, [snorts] lazy is you just make others do it for you. Okay, insular just means that now, as we discussed last class, the Spanish aren't concerned about other nations. They think they're invincible, so they engage in court politics. Okay, they're all infighting for the throne. The last thing is arrogant, hubris, which basically means that you believe you are invincible. You can do whatever you want and therefore you start all these wars against everyone everywhere. you overextend yourself and you don't really understand your limitations as an empire. So very quickly, even though Spain becomes very wealthy very fast, they also go bankrupt very fast because they're fighting too many wars, they're spending too much money that they don't have. Okay? And they're too corrupt. Okay? Does that make sense? now and what and because of this what's happening is that the uh British uh England the Dutch and the French they are slowly becoming a much more um energetic open and cohesive society cohesion. Okay. [snorts] And now that you have this differentiation, what's going to happen is that the religion is going to change. Okay? So, um, Spain remains Catholic and it's going to fight to control the Vatican. And this, um, okay, so that's what Spain does. Now Britain and the Dutch need to differentiate themselves from Spain and so they become Protestant or we call Calvinist. [clears throat] Okay. So imag so Catholic is really about obeying authority but the Protestant the Calvinist religion insists on hard work on energy on obtaining wealth. Okay. The problem though is that um the Spanish are too powerful and the French some of them are Calvinist but most are Catholic. Okay. So what's going to happen is that the English and the Dutch are going to decide to join forces. Okay. So I want to show very quickly show you the difference between the Catholic religion and the Protestant religion. Okay. So these are the Spanish and as you can see there's a lot of trade going between the new world and Spain. Why is this the case? Because Spain is extracting resources from the new world primarily silver. Okay. Um the French are also engaged in trade as well. So they're what what they really want is fur from North America. So fur is a cuz you're a luxury at that time. But as you can see from this map the people that are really engaged in trade enga engaged in piracy in trade in shipping are the British okay and the Dutch. And the reason why is that they're poor. Okay? And so through this hard work, they become very wealthy very quickly. In fact, the Dutch in fact become the wealthiest nation in the world per capita. You have this burgeoning of the middle class. And so what happens now is that the spa the Spanish and the Dutch come into conflict because remember the Dutch are a colony of the Spanish and so the the Spaniards want the Dutch pay more taxes and the Dutch want to be more independent. So this starts a series of wars. Okay, in fact an entire series of wars starts throughout Europe called the 30 years war. Okay. So, ostensibly it's a it's a religious conflict between the Protestants and the Catholics. But there are lots of underlying re there are other underlying factors as well. Okay. Another factor is the Spaniards want to exert control over the Dutch. Okay. And so there's lots of different reasons but but the main thing you need to know is that millions and millions of people die. In fact, it is the deadliest war in Europe right before up until the World War I. Okay? And so this creates anxiety in Europe because if there's all this war and you're joining all this wealth, how do you keep this wealth secure, right? You you're a merchant, you became very wealthy through trade by going to East Indies and getting spices and come back to Europe and selling them. But if the Spanish or the French are going to send an army and steal everything, how do you keep your gold safe? Okay. So, what's going to happen is this. What's going to happen is that the British and the Dutch are going to decide to get married. Okay, this is what we call the Glorious Revolution. [snorts] 1688 Glorious Revolution. So, let's talk about the Glorious Revolution. >> [clears throat] >> In the glorious revolution, what happens is that the British nobility invite Will Orange who is um a leader of the Dutch Republic to come and become the monarch of Britain. Okay. And so you you're like, okay, why would they do that? Why would they um betray their own king I install a um for monarch William orange? Okay. And so the thing you need to understand is that throughout British history what makes Britain unique is that the monarch has always been conflict with the nobility. Okay. The king has always been conflict with the oligarchs and this is this is a continuous pattern. So ostensibly the reason is religious because chi was Catholic and uh Britain is a protestant country but the real reason is the nobility want to exert authority over the country. Okay. So in this agreement what would happen is that parliament becomes the sovereign state. Okay. it becomes the de facto power in uh England and the king with orange agrees to be the puppet or the figurehead but the real power is in parliament and so this creates the idea of national sovereignty [snorts] okay what people don't appreciate is that the real reason why they want to do that is they want to protect capital okay capital, okay, or transnational. So, the idea is that not only does one of the orange come over, but most of Dutch wealth come over because remember at this time the Dutch have a huge problem. They're constantly being invaded by Spain. So, what you do is you take all the gold in the Dutch Republic and you transfer over it to England. Okay. And so in 1694 they creat the idea is this. The idea is that if you buy the Bank of England that gold is yours. Okay? But the Bank of England will always be guaranteed by Parliament. All right. So this is a very important idea guys. I I need you to understand this for the rest of the semester. Okay. So before you're a king and you you need to go fight a war, you bore money from bankers and merchants, right? The problem though is that one you could lose the war in which case oops. Second is that um you could die in which case oops. And the third and the third problem is that you could just say I'm king. I'm not going to give you back your money. Okay. And so these merchants would have no choice but to try to create a revolution. Okay. But but as a merchant, as a capitalist, you don't want to go through this process. And so the Bank of England, it's really important because now you are lending money not to the king but to the nation. Okay. What this means is that the nation has to pay you back. So even though the king dies, the people are liable for the debt. Okay? Does that make sense? All right. So now if you're a merchant, you feel safe. I can now put my money in the Bank of England. It's my money. If I lend it to the nation, I'm always guaranteed that they'll pay me back. Okay? And England is safe because unlike the Dutch Republic, England is an island and therefore it's protected by the Royal Navy. It's impossible for the French, the Hapsburg Empire or the Spanish to invade England. They they never able to conquer England and so it makes England safe. Okay. All right. So now the question is why would the Dutch why would they put their money in England? Because remember at this time they just screw you over. Okay. So the way the way around this is you have some old techniques, you have inner marriage, right? And you have religion or we call secret societies because remember both [snorts] um both um the Dutch Republic and England are Calvinists. Okay. And the major society that facilitated trade of course were were the Freemasons. But during this time these two were really between aristocrats and the Bank of England was trying to get as much money as possible. Right? So what they started to develop was a uh new concept. It's not a new concept but they really systemized it. It's called contract law. All right. So there's a famous British philosopher named John Loach and he said that what is government for? Government is provides the alienable right to life, liberty and the pursuit of property. All right. What that means is a government ensures you three rights. We will protect your safety. We'll make sure you won't die. Okay. We will make sure you have the right to do whatever you want, liberty. And also we will protect your private property. Okay. The entire purpose of parliament and the courts, okay, the judicial system is to ensure that your private property is protected no matter where your private property came from. Okay? It doesn't matter. They don't care what the origin of private property is. Okay? So, like if you're French and you killed a million people to steal a million gold, they don't care. It's yours. It's private. Okay. If if if it's if it's and they believe that this private property comes from God. All right. This is yours because God willed it to be yours and we England must protect it and they will do so through Parliament and through the court system. Okay? Does that make sense? So now if you're wealthy in Europe, you're now encouraged to go invest in England. Okay? And this creates a concept that today we call offshore financial center or OFC. Okay? So think of like Dubai or Hong Kong where they don't care where the money comes from. Okay, their legal system, the financial system system will help protect this money. Okay, also Switzerland. Okay, so Switzerland is a classic example. But England create this and they based their entire nation around this idea. Okay. Now the first major test to the system was Napoleon because Napoleon was about to conquer Europe and England couldn't have that because if um Napoleon conquers Europe then Napoleon could control all the wealth of Europe. He could make sure that no wealth is transferred over to England. He he basically blockade England. So what Britain did was they financed seven wars against Napoleon and they lost six of these wars and they won the last war which quit the British Empire. Okay. So now Britain is a global financial empire. Okay. So this is a East India company. Okay. And the East Indian company uh it's based in Britain and like the Bank of England is private and what it does is it primarily engages in trade it with India as well as the East Indies. Okay. Um so what England will do is they will colonize India and steal all the wealth of India primarily by de-industrializing India. So India had textile factories but England uh through a lot of um um policies just bankrupt the India textile industry and transferred over to England. Okay. So now what's going to happen is this what's going to happen is that uh resources from England sorry resources from India okay agricultural products resources are going to transfer over to England. England is is going to with its factories make goods for India. So basically the entire deal is we Britain give you India $10 and India you give $1,000. Okay. So every so basically we give you a dollar for the goods you give us and and then you pay us $1,000 for the goods we give you. Okay. So very quickly this backup England but not only uh sorry this sorry this back to India. Okay but not only that but you also have China as well and the same idea was the opium went into uh China and then silver and money went back to England. Okay. And then this money was allowed to go over to the United States. The United States industrialized very quickly because of this policy. Now the question is how was England able to do this? How is England able to create a system in which India and China basically voluntarily gave up its wealth? And the answer is England simply game that incentivize the local elites to cooperate with um England. Okay. So this is the way um this is what happened. So this is a map of uh the British Empire. Okay. So let's look at India and China. The local elites had to help the British do this. Okay, the local elites had to help the British steal. The question then is why would the local elites do that? Okay, and the reason why is remember from last class, the local local elites are in conflict with each other anyway. Okay? And what they're looking for is more power. And so what England said to local leads is if you help us, we will help you steal the gold from this country. Okay? Do you understand? Before if you were an elite and you lost a war or other people didn't like you, they could kill you. But now if you help the British, you can transfer your wealth and your children abroad. Okay? Does that make sense? So now what's going to happen is that the elite are going to be able to send their children and their wealth to the British Empire. Okay. Okay. And there are certain mechanisms that allow them to accomplish this. The first mechanism is of course um finance. Okay. So, not only are you allowed to transfer your capital to uh the United Kingdom and its colonies, but they will disguise it for you. This is what we call money laundering. Okay? Money laundering. So when you steal from your people, not only will Britain allow you to do this, but they will discuss it for you, okay? Through their offshore financial centers, including Hong Kong, Singapore, their lawyers will pretend that this money came from not from drugs, not from gambling, not from prostitution, but from restaurants, from real estate. Who cares? Okay? But they'll clean up for you. Okay? We call this money laundering. And then they will help you send it overseas where it becomes legitimate. Okay. So now you have real estate investments in Australia or Canada. Okay. All right. So this is a global money laundering system that encourages the local elites to be corrupt. Okay. It protects them in the corruption and incentivizes them in the corruption. Okay? Does it make sense? >> [snorts] >> The second thing that allows this to happen is schooling. Okay. So what do I mean by that? The British when they conquered India and um China what they were trying to do is try to brainwash indoctrinite. So they set up these schools right and when you went to these schools what what what did you learn? You learn English. But when you learn English what do you learn? You learn that British culture is superior to your local culture. Right? When you're learning English, you're learning about Shakespeare. You're learning about British philosophy. You're learning British history. And as a result, you slowly come to believe that the British are superior to us. And therefore, I should try my best to be British. Okay? And also, what's really important is that the schooling system allows for mobility. Okay. [snorts] So, if you are a really smart person in China, well, there's really little mobility for you in China. But if you go for the British system, you might win a scholarship to go study at Oxford or Cambridge. Okay? You even might become a world scholar. So, a world scholar, it's a basically a secret society. Okay guys, but the idea is that all over the British Empire, the very best students will be selected to go to Oxford where they become best friends. Okay, and their mission will be to spread the power of the British Empire all around the world and it works really well. Okay, this is an indoctrination system for local elites and it it works really well because remember if you're a really smart person, the British offer you more opportunities for mobility than your own country because in your own country the system is very hierarchal. It's static. There's really no mobility, right? [snorts] But if you're really smart and you obey the British and you believe that the British culture is the very best in the world, you might become a world scholar and then you become part of the British Empire. Okay? And that's how the British were able to conquer the world. And the third thing, of course, is the navy. Basically, the navy ensured that Britain was the greatest military power in the world. If they didn't like you, they would come and destroy you. Okay? That's what happened to China during the open wars. There's nothing that could destroy the navy. And so these three things okay finance the bank of England basically schooling or the idea of soft power British culture English okay and the third thing is the navy created really the world's first great world empire so as you can see Britain spread all around the world okay and this and so even though the British Empire is no longer around it's now the American empire higher even though the opium trade has stopped. What's important for us to understand is the game is still being played today. Okay. So let let me give you an example of this. This is a drug trade in the world. Okay. And as you can see the drug trade, okay, primary cocaine. We're talking about cocaine. There are other types of drugs as well, but let's focus on cocaine. You can see it's a global network. Um just like a lot of cocaine is produced in Colombia and South America and then it just travels all around the world. It's a very sophisticated system of trade. Okay. But what you need you you need to understand is none of this would be possible without the British financial and legal system. Okay? Because like why are they why are people taking such a risk and selling drugs? Because it's so lucrative. It's so profitable. But you can only have this market if it's being protected by a legal and financial system. Okay? People only participate in this trade. It's dangerous. But they only participate participate in this trade if they can be guaranteed that they can make a lot of money then and they can use this money and protect this money. Okay. So what protects this money of course is the offshore financial centers. Okay. So the green areas in the world in which you can place your money. They won't ask where the money came from. They don't care where the money came from and they will clean it up for you. Okay? Money laundering. They will use their sophisticated legal and financial systems to clean up your money and then they will help you invest it elsewhere. Okay? Does it make sense? So this is So guess what? Look at this guys. Where are the major um global financial offshore centers? Well, they're in the Caribbean. Okay? They're in Panama. They are in uh northern Europe. They are in the Middle East. They are in Southeast Asia. Hong Kong, Singapore, Japan. Guess what guys? This used to be the former British Empire. Okay. So the British Empire is still around today, but they they transform from one that is overt and that is that uses military power in order to control the world to one that is covert, that is secret, and that uses financial and legal means in order to control the world. Okay? And it's still the game that we play today. All right? Now [clears throat] um there's a question that someone asked me. Okay, it's a very good question. The question is this. If offshore financial centers like Hong Kong and Dubai are so profitable and it's such easy money, why doesn't everyone do it right and and the it's it's the it's a it's a good question, okay? And the logic is very simple. We know that gambling, prostitution, human trafficking, slavery, all profitable. Why does everyone do it? Because it's immoral. Okay? As a society, you need morality in create energy, openness, and cohesion, right? People want to feel as though they're part of something good that they're that we're serving for a higher cause. And if you're all about slavery or prostitution or gambling or money laundering, people won't feel good about themselves. In fact, the souls become corrupted. Okay, so the classic example is like Hong Kong, right? Have you guys been to Hong Kong? One of the wealthiest cities in the world, right? Lots and lots of skyscrapers. But guess what? The people there are disgusting. They're depraved. They're unethical. They're disgusting. There's actually no culture to the place. There's no morality to the place. It's actually disgusting. Okay? I don't want to live there. And if you live there, guess what? Your soul is going to become corrupted. So this is almost you would say this is a demonic system. This system is not only evil but it facilitates evil. It is the work of Satan. Okay. But unfortunately this is a system that we live in today. Um, so even though everyone will say this isn't demonic, it really it's really underpins the world today because if you think about it, okay, okay, all this corrupt money from China, uh, India, uh, Malaysia, they go to these places. But then this money then goes goes where? It goes over to Australia to invest in real estate. Okay, do you guys know what the biggest industry in Australia is? It's banking. Okay, banking. Which means that Australia also engages in money laundering, but they clean it up. So people aren't aware of this. Do you understand? But same happens in Canada as well. Canada, United States as well. So this entire world it's based on stealing from the third world and transferring this money to the first world. That's all it is. Okay? It's that complicated. But this has led to a huge problem. The problem is what we call over financialization. But over financialization, it's a very similar concept where there's too much money. So people become corrupt, lazy, arrogant, and insular. And that's what's happening in Canada, in United States, in Britain, in Australia. Okay? And so really, an empire must collapse at some point. So the British, the western world, they are a victim of their own success. Okay? So they stole all this money from the rest of the world. But this money has made the past made their people lazy, corrupt, and arrogant. And that's why we're seeing so much conflict right now in the western world because this um um money has created a lot of inequality in the world in the western world right where maybe 1% of all the money 9% have very little to get by on but you also have a lot of corruption where the political system no longer serves the interest of the people. They only serve the interests of the rich. Okay? And then you will also have immorality where nowadays people only concerned about making money. They don't want to contribute to the community. Okay. So yes, we can say that the western world it's evil because they've stolen all this money. But really what what's happened is that they've corrupt corrupted and destroyed themselves because this model has been too successful for them. Okay. And that's why we're seeing so much chaos in the world today. So, we are really at a game reset or a game's end and a new game is about to emerge because this game right now is not sustainable. Okay. All right. Any questions? Yeah. [clears throat] So if the success of western world leads to the corruption and you know the fall of western world can we generalize that you know after success people will fall then what's the meaning of success okay that's um a great question okay so if you know that you become successful you will not be happy. Why do people um go and succeed? And okay, this is a really um hard question to answer. Okay, so let me explain different layers. Okay, the first layer is this. Why people know that wealth doesn't lead to happiness, right? What leads to happiness is family, love, community, meaning, purpose, generosity. Okay, that's what leads to happiness. The happiest people in the world tend to be religious. They tend to have families and they tend to be very kindhearted people. So why do why do we have rich people? Because a game is structured so that everyone is forced to play. Okay? Meaning that um we only care about people like Ellen Musk or Jeff Bezos or Mark Zuckerberg. We we worship the rich. Okay. Um, and we hate the poor. So, if you're homeless, we think it's because you deserve it. Because you're lazy, it's because you refuse to work. Okay. So, the game is set up so that we're focused on making money. Then the question then is why do you have this stupid game? And the answer, unfortunately, is that what we figured out is that this game in the short term, in the short term, not the long term, okay? We're talking like decades, not centuries. In the short term, it's what makes your people the most energetic, open, cohesive, and the most likely to win against other nation states. Okay? Does that make sense? So, in the long term, you get destroyed. Your people are destroyed. You're corrupt. You're corrupted by this game. But in the short term, it allows you to defeat other players. Okay? That's how the British were able to create the empire because they defeated the French, they defeat the Germans, they defeat the Russians. Okay? And that forces the other players to play this game as well because in the short term this game it um this game gives you huge advantages. Okay. So think of it's a zero sum game. Think of a Olympic game where okay, Evan's going and competing in the 100 meter sprint and we know you shouldn't do drugs because drugs will destroy your body, right? And you could have a heart attack when you're 40. But they're like, "No, no, no. I really want to win this game." So they So one guy uses a drug and he wins. And the other players know about this and now they're forced to also use the same tactic. Okay? Do do you understand? So it's it's a really unfortunate system in that this system can only lead to the unhappiness, corruption, uh and immorality of people. But people are too concerned about short-term rewards. Okay? If you don't play this game, then you get eliminated. Okay? what I'll discuss in next class, okay, is uh the American Empire and how the American Empire changed this game, right? So, what the American Empire will do is it will add US dollars to this game. And it's important because it makes the game universal now as well as easier to play. Okay? And then we'll look at how the system capitalism conquered the world. Okay? So, so it's a great question, but the reality is that um if you cheat, if you do bad things, in the short term, you will win out even though in the long term it will lead to severe consequences for you and your people. Okay, does it make sense? Okay. I mean, and it's also the same thing as like you [snorts] know rich people, right? Rich people to get rich, they will sacrifice their children's happiness. They will sacrifice their own happiness. But but they think that this will lead to happiness in the future. It won't, but but they believe it. Okay. So that's the great tragedy of this game. Does that make sense? >> Okay. Good. Any more questions? Okay. Good. So we'll continue this next class. Okay.


=== ijnkCt1QK6k ===

Okay. So, um let us review last class. So, last class we discussed the British Empire and how it ultimately triumphed over its main rivals who were the French, the Spanish and the Dutch because of three major uh powers. Okay. The first is the Bank of England. What made the Bank of England so important is that it could absorb foreign capital, okay, from all around the world. So at first it absorbed capital from the Dutch Republic, but then if you uh were a French aristocrat, if you were the Catholic Church, if you're the Habsburgs, you could all move your capital to England where it would be safe because it' be be protected by the law. Okay, that your property rights. Um and when Britain became an empire, this was important because uh local elites in China, in India, in Southeast Asia would help the British because they were incentivized to do so. They could help the British steal from these places and then move capital, their wealth to England or uh one of the British colonies for safekeeping. Okay, so that's a source of English power. Second is the idea of soft power right so we are in school learning English because we want to go and study in the west that's soft power right so Shakespeare the BBC um Oxbridge are all components of British soft power which still rules the world today and the third of course is the British navy which controls seal lanes and therefore controls all trade. Okay. So for the longest time for 100 100 years Britain was able to maintain a global empire which really was the first global empire because it spanned the entire world. But there were three problems or three limitations to the British Empire. Okay. So the first major limitation limitations the first major limitation is that Britain had an ethnicity. It had a race. It was the white people, the Anglo-Saxons. And so even though Britain was ruling over Vasco Empire, it was very much racist. It saw itself as superior to everyone else and that limited its capacity to work with local elites. Okay. So in other words, eventually India rebelled to establish its independence and eventually Britain lost its over overseas empire. A classic [snorts] example of course is 2016 Brexit when the English people decided that we we no longer wanted to be part of Europe. Okay? And so even though Britain is an empire, its people are very provincial. Okay? They see themselves as better and they they see themselves as separate from everyone else. I've met English people who've told me like English people cannot learn a foreign language. English speak people speak English very well and that's it. They can't learn French, they can't learn Spanish, they refuse to learn Chinese. And they told me it's because their brains are different. Okay, their brains are hardwired to speak English really well and that's it. All right, so that's just the British attitude. Um, second problem is the idea of currency um or wealth standard. The idea here is that okay, yes, you're uh you're stealing wealth from other places, but what is wealth? Okay. And for the longest time, people understood wealth as gold. The problem with this is that there's a limitation or there's a limit the amount of gold in the world and therefore there's a limit to how many people can participate in this game and how much money they can win in the end. Okay? So, it's really a game only for the elite. That's the second major limitation. Okay. And the third problem for Britain is that it's really a small island with very few people and very limited resources and therefore it was really not sustainable for Britain to control the entire world. there's a limitation to its reach and ultimately other powers in Europe would arise to challenge uh British hegemony including Russia including Germany. [snorts] Ultimately the power that would overthrow the British Empire to create its own empire is of course America and what America would do that's very important is resolve all three of these limitations to to create a world game in which we all play today. Okay, so Britain um basically birthe this game, but there were limitations to how far this game could spread. America will then take the concept of this game and spread it all around the world until it conquered the entire world. Okay, so how did they do so? All right, so let's go over America. Well, first of all, America is not a small island. It is a continental fortress. And in fact, it controls the entire western western hemisphere. We know that the western hemisphere is very very wealthy. Okay. So America h is not just the country of America. It's really the western hemisphere [clears throat] and as such has unlimited population and it's unlimited resources has unlimited land. Okay. So this resolves the issue of um resources. Okay. Second problem the currency. Well, what America would do [clears throat] that would revolutionize the world is make the US dollar the standard of wealth in the world. And because the US dollar is just a concept, it's just an idea. Everyone can now play this game and wealth can now be infinite. Okay, but that makes sense, right? Before gold was what everyone was playing for, but there's a limit to gold. But with US dollars, anyone and everyone in the world can now play. Okay. So I'll talk about how the US dollar became uh the center of wealth in the world. Now the ethnicity is another problem. Okay. And so what America did that was very clever is tell the world we are not an ethnicity. Okay? We're not a land. What we really are is a game. All right. So the idea is that America became a nation game. All right. So um what so this is pretty easy to understand. Okay. So I'm going to explain this first and then I'm I'm going to explain how the dollar came to dominate the world. Okay. All right. [snorts] All right. So for the longest time we had problems deciding what a game or a nation ought to be. Okay. So um traditionally nations have been ruled uh politically through the monarchy. Okay. um an oligarchy, a democracy or a theocracy. Okay, so there are others but these are the four major ones. A monarchy is very simple. A king is in charge. Everyone just obeys the king. Uh oligarchy is where the nobility are in charge. Another name for oligarchy is the aristocracy. Okay? And that's basically Rome. A democracy is where the people make all the decisions. And so what happens is that if a decision is to be made, people get together and they give speeches. Whoever gives the best speech gets the most votes and then that decision is implemented. Okay? And of course the classic example of democracy is Athens. [snorts] Okay? And then you have a theocracy which is to say that the priests are in charge and the priests represent the will of God. Okay. And of course uh theocracy the last example is a Catholic Europe. This is a medieval Europe when the Catholic Church was in charge. All right. But starting with the enlightenment uh when God was no longer considered that important philosophers debated amongst themselves what a nation ought to be what society ought to be. Okay. And so let's discuss the major theories of this time period. All right. So the first idea is [snorts and clears throat] if God doesn't really matter. Okay. If it's up to humans to decide how to structure societies, how can you best do so? And at this time, the most popular idea is social contract theory, social contract theory. And there are two major theorists. Okay. The first is John Lock who of course is English. And for him, government it's very simple. Okay. Human beings have three fundamental rights that God gave us. Okay. Which are inel inelable which means that no one can take take away from us. The first is life. Okay. The second is liberty. The right to say whatever we want. The right to do whatever we want. The third is the pursuit of property wealth. Okay. So they have private property. In other words, [clears throat] government exists in order to pro protect the wealth that we generate for our hard work. And if we steal it, that's okay as well. Okay. If we kill out people uh in India, China, and France to get it, that's okay, too, because it happened elsewhere. Okay. All right. So, private property. And as you can imagine, um if you have wealth, you like the system a lot. And not only that, but you are encouraged, you're incentivized to work really hard. And that's what actually allowed uh England to overtake um the French, the Dutch, and the Spanish. Okay. Then you have another theorist named John Rouso. And this theory is different. Okay. It's also social contract theory, but it's a different idea, which is okay, we're born in a state of nature. We have complete freedom. We can do whatever we want. So why do we choose to give up this freedom and come into society? Okay, the reason why is when we do so we create a social social contract that creates the general will. Okay? And the general will is a substitute for God. It is the expression of the best of who we are. Okay? Do you understand? So by ourselves we're fine. Okay? When we come together, we create a new concept that allows us to be truly and fully human. The general will. So what is general will? Okay. All right. So uh think of Emilion Kant [clears throat] was a German philosopher and he explained that the very basis of humanity what we should all try to achieve is something called the categorical imperative. Okay, the categorical imperative is the highest moral law, right? It's really God's law. And there are three components to the categorical imperative. Okay, the first is the idea of universality. [clears throat] Universality just means that imagine this. Whatever you do, everyone else around you will automatically do. Okay? So, if you want to go drink alcohol, everyone's going to drink alcohol. Do you want to live in a study of alcoholics? Okay. If you cheat on a test, everyone immediately is going to cheat as well. Do you want to live inside of cheaters? Okay. If you read books, everyone else is going to read books. So, imagine that whatever you do will be replicated by everyone else immediately. Okay? That's the idea of universality. Second is the idea of free will. Okay, I know that eating ice cream is bad. I know that uh eating protein, chicken is good. Okay, but I cannot be forced to eat chicken even though it's better for me. I have to choose to eat chicken by myself. If I want to eat ice cream, I can do that. Okay. So we cannot coersse people to do what they do not want to do. All right. And number three is uh human um is the end onto itself. Okay. And the idea here is that you cannot use humans a human being to achieve a higher purpose because humans are the ultimate purpose. So I can't be like a king that says you know what I'm going to war to make a lot of money for everyone and I'll sacrifice 50% of my people but the other 50% who live will be happy. They'll live in paradise. You can't do that. Okay. Because you cannot sacrifice anyone's life in order to achieve a higher end because the ultimate end is the human life. Okay. So that's the idea of the categorical imperative. And this becomes the theoretical basis for the general will. Okay. Now in practical terms, how do you implement this in society? Well, the general will gives rise to government and then the government gives rise to laws. Okay? So the legitimacy of the government comes from the consensus of the people which is the general will. The general will is not democracy, right? The general will is an abstract idea which represents the best of who we can be. All right. So just because everyone's like, "Okay, we should all vote to kill that person because we don't like him." No, that's not the general will. The general will is everyone is important. Do unto others as you would want others to do unto you. Okay? So you can't kill anyone. Okay? And if you if people vote for this, then government is illegitimate because it goes against the general will. All right? And this is important for us because this becomes the basis of the French Revolution. And the French Revolution, the entire European [clears throat] continent, okay, including Britain, Prussia, Austria, Russia, everyone got together and attacked France. France was poor. France had no monarchy. But France defeated everyone. Why? Because people were energized to fight for their nation. They believe that I am now part of a greater good of equity in this game. Therefore, I will defend this nation with my life. And France for the longest time was unbeatable on the battlefield. Okay. All right. So that is the French conception of a nation. A nation is a social contract which guarantees rights to its citizens and in return its citizens must be willing to sacrifice its life for the nation and that's why um the French revolution was so successful which ultimately led to the French empire under Napoleon. Okay, does that make sense? Now there's another conception of the nation state which is this. Okay, and these are the Prussians or the Germans. Okay. And it's idea of um iron and blood. So a nation is not something that you choose to get into. Okay? It's not something that you sign in contact with. A nation is in your blood. A nation is language, heritage, land. Okay? and you prove that you are worthy by sacrifice your sacrificing yourself in battle. Okay, this is this comes to us from the German in 1870. Okay, in the FrancoRussian war between Prussia and France, these two concepts of the nation state came into battle. Okay, the French was a social contract. You fight for us because you agree to be a citizen of this nation which guarantees you certain rights. Prussia is like no you fight because it is your duty to fight because it is in your blood it is in your language it is in your culture it's in your family and then when these two cultures clash it was the Prussians who won and um that created of course Germany okay so in 1870 the current the modern nation of Germany was founded by the Persians when it defeated France in the Franco Pussian war right so Now we go to America. Okay. And America has a different conception of the nation state. Okay. So at this time in history first of all um America it's a very small place 13 colonies and the continent is controlled by these indigenous people. The French are there the Spanish are there. Okay. And but the Americans are very very ambitious and they are expanding really really fast and Britain the home country actually becomes um afraid of America because at this time about the 1700s America has more people. It's wealthier. It's welcoming people from all around Europe. And so Britain tries to limit the expansion of America. Okay? It tries to say you can't cross the certain line, the Appalachian Mountains. America says screw you. We're going to revolt. Okay, this creates the American Revolution. And in 1789, um, America creates the Constitution, which becomes the highest law in the land. And so at this point in history, America, the American founding fathers, they look around the world, they know about the British system, they know about the French system. Um, they're trying to grow the country as fast as possible. They're they have to fight the Spanish, the French, the British, and the indigenous people in their land. They're trying to welcome as many people as possible. Okay? So they decide that the nation will become a game. Okay? a game where the citizen is a player and the citizen is trying to maximize his wealth. Okay? And through this process of maximizing his wealth, trying to get as much wealth as possible, he will be energetic. He will work hard and this energy will contribute to the overall wealth of the nation which will allow America to grow very very fast. Okay, that's a plan. All right, so for this to work, they have to control the game that has three major characteristics. All right, the first is that it has to be open, meaning anyone can come and play. Okay, but that just means also limiting the history and the ethnicity of the uh place. Okay. So the concept that America creates is the idea of melting pot. We welcome anyone who comes to America regardless of your race, regardless of your history, regardless of your wealth, as long as you're willing to assimilate into America into the melting pot. Okay, that's the first idea. Second idea is fairness. And the third is clarity. So, in other words, people are willing to play a game and work really hard to win this game if first of all they can play this game. They're allowed to play this game. They're not discriminated against. Um, also if the rules are really clear, okay, you understand what the rules are. In America, the rules are very simple. You go to America, you follow the law, you work really hard, you get rich, okay, really simple. It's called the American dream, right? Um and the third thing of course is that the game is fair. Meaning the only criterion to generate wealth is how hard you work, how much talent you have, how much merit you have, right? The idea of merit. Okay? And look, this is true. When you go to America, you will discover this. If you work really hard, if you're really talented, if you're really smart, they will respect that. Okay? I've been to a lot of countries and I can tell you that America in America this is true but it's not true in Canada. I grew up in Canada and they don't really care if you're ambitious don't care if you're smart don't care if you work hard. They don't care. They expect you to follow the rules and conform. Okay, that's Canada. You go China. Okay, we all know what China is. Okay, no one cares if you work hard. No one cares if you're smart. No one cares. Okay, it's all about your guanchi about where your family. Okay. But it's true for actually this is true for most of the world. And I would say that the idea of merit is only true for two places. America is the most obvious example. Okay. I've been to meetings where at first Americans are like this guy is Chinese. He probably doesn't speak any English. He's not that smart. Okay. So there's discrim discrimination going on. But the moment I speak, the moment I try to make my case, they are win over won over by my logic. Okay. by my arguments, by my creativity, and they welcome me into the club. That's just the American attitude of being open-minded, of being generous, of appreciating your talent above everyone else. Okay. The British are the English are also very similar in that way in that, yeah, maybe they're racist, but if you can make a good argument in front of them, they will accept your argument. Okay? But guess what, guys? Nowhere else is this true. Okay? In China, China, you have the best argument in the world. No one cares, right? Okay. So, we there are lots of issues with America, but in all honesty, America is a place that really does appreciate merit and which really does reward merit. That's why everyone wants to go go to America. All right. All right. So, the question then is how did America create the system? Okay. Well, it did so through the constitution. The idea of the constitution is to create a game and make this game above power. Okay? And how they did that is creating a system of government that checks and balances each other. So you have the president, you have the congress, okay? And you have the Supreme Court. Okay. The Supreme Court it's very simple. It's to interpret the constitution which the highest law in the land. Okay. And then the powers of the government are divided equally amongst these different branches. So the Congress can create laws and control spending. Okay. what's called the purse. The president has war powers basically or the sword. Okay. But if the president were to declare war, he needs congress to approve because congress has to give the money to start the war. Okay. And um the idea that the constitution is the highest law in the land means that it's really rule of law. Okay. So even though you have this government system in place, you also have another parallel system called the judiciary, the court system which protects property rights in the same way that they do in um Britain. Okay, does that make sense? So so the very idea is that this is a game. The government is a system to maintain the openness, clarity and fairness of the game. And because of this, America was very quickly able to dominate the world. Okay. The thing about this game, okay, that's very important for us to understand is it is expansionist. Okay. [snorts] So what happened is that in its history, America faced certain challenges to this game and this game won out every single time. Okay. So the first major challenge to this game is called the American Civil War. All right. So let me explain what happened. From 1861 to 1864, the Civil War was fought between the North and the South. This was a clash of e economic systems. Okay? So the north played the game. Okay? And so it believed in free labor. The South was its own independent economic system that focused on agriculture. And so it used slave labor. For many Americans in the north, slave labor was offensive because it corrupted the game. Okay? Because remember, America started on the idea of openness, fairness, and clarity. But if you're a slave, that's not fair, okay? Because you were born a slave and you can never participate in this game. And so they fought a civil war to decide which who will trumpet in the end. And of course the north won because the north focused on free labor. So that meant that there were more people in the north. That meant that the north was wealthier because of manufacturing and that meant that the north were more energetic. Okay? So they defeated the south. And so that was the first major challenge. Now the game is spreading. Okay, it spreads across America and now it stops because America can't expand anymore. Okay, it basically conquers the west and be and now the game is an issue because of the nature of money. The problem with money is that ultimately the the longer you play this game at the end of the game one person controls all the money. Okay, does that make sense? That's a problem of capitalism. That's a problem with this game. So now now that the frontier has been settled, now that the borders have been controlled, a few people are now controlling all the money which leads to the great depression. Okay. So now the solution is America has to go and conquer the world which it does. Okay. In World War II, America conquers the world. And so now what America needs to do is spread this game throughout the world. And it does that by creating the US dollar. Okay. So 1945 America wins the war. A year before in July July 1944 for one month what happens is that America organizes something called a bread and woods conference. in New Hampshire. Okay. And the idea of the bread and woods conference is to establish the world game. Okay. Before America's game was limited to America, but now America wants to scale its game to the entire world. Okay. So, how does it do that? Well, first thing it does is it makes the US dollar the reserve currency of the world. All right. What does that mean? It means that every other currency has to be derived from the US dollar. Every other currency will find value from the US dollar. Okay? which means that if you have Canadian dollars, you can now um change it for US dollars, which is what's valuable. The Canadian dollars is just not valuable. Okay? All right. They also agree on um exchange rate. Okay? It doesn't make sense. Okay? And this this is a system that we have today. Okay? All right. The global reserve currency is the US dollar. That's what's valuable. The ring B deres value from its relationship with the US dollar. The room is not valued by by itself. Okay. All right. That's number one. Um, okay. So now you're like, wait a minute here. If this is true, the US dollar can the Americans can just put as much money as they want. And so to solve this problem, uh, the Americans said the US dollar will be pegged to gold. Okay. doesn't make sense. Okay? Meaning like you can always take your dollar and change exchange it for gold. And because there's a limit [clears throat] to gold, there has to be a limit to the US dollars which keeps the system stable. Okay? All right. That's number one. Number two is America needs to expand this game. Okay? Because it is in competition with the Soviet Union which is against this game. Okay? So it creates two new organizations to spread the game throughout the world. And these two game and these two organizations are called the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, the IMF, IMF. Okay? So um I'm so for the sake of simplicity. Okay, understand this. The World Bank, their job is to give you loans. Okay? So let's say you are China and you are poor, right? And you need to build dams. Well, the World Bank gives you money. And when he gives you money, what it does is it allows you to start playing this game. Okay? It allows you to participate in this game. Now, what always happens is um eventually the countries pour so much money they have to go into debt and they can't pay off the money, right? So then what happens is the IMF comes in and changes your government and it policies to make it conform more to the game. Okay? Does that make sense? And its main mechanism is called privatization. All right? So, what the IMF says is, okay, well, you're inefficient. You can't pay off the debt because you're inefficient. You're inefficient because the public should not be control of infrastructure. The public should not be control of water. Okay? Private companies should be in charge of the water and electricity and the land. Okay? So, uh the the goal of the World Bank MF is to spread the game throughout the world. All right. Okay. Then in um 1947 they create create something called the GAT. Okay. The GAT is a general agreement on tariff and trade. So this is the WTO basically. Okay. That changes into the WTO in 1995. All right. So [clears throat] it's basically agreement on free trade. Right? Does that make sense? 1973 um Swift is an agreement um amongst different banks in the world on how to transfer money. Okay. So for example, if you want to transfer money from China B into America to go to university, right? Guess what guys? It has let's go for Swift. Okay. So now it allow allows for more cooperation among banks in the world to use US dollars. All right. Um now the last thing is okay how do these countries get together and decide on how to cooperate economically? And the answer is the bank of international settlements. Okay. Okay. And this is the idea is that the central banks of different countries get together and they agree on certain policies. All right. And this is all done privately in secret. No one knows about them. Okay. All right. So this is the game that America uh creates. It's very simple. Okay. Um and there are other components but but we'll focus on this now throughout the semester we will focus more we will focus on how this game is played specifically but first I just introduce it to you. All right. Okay. So now let's talk about how the dollar conquers the world. All right. So for the longest time um this system works well. Okay. The United States is in competition with the Soviet Union. But over time, the Americans start to abuse this system. So they pay for things they can't really pay for. For example, the war in Vietnam, for example, a space race, for example, something called the Great Society. Okay? They're just spending too much money. And other countries start to freak out. So France basically withdraws all all its gold from the United States. So, in 1971, what Nixon does is say, "You know what? Um, here's the secret, guys. We actually don't have have enough gold to pay off everyone." Okay? So, screw this. We're not going to peg the gold uh the dollar to gold anymore. Okay? Do you understand? You can now you can no longer redeem your US dollars for gold. It's done. Okay? So now what happens is the US dollar becomes a Ponzi scheme. All right. What is a Ponzi scheme? A Ponzi scheme is basically the US dollar is valuable because people want to use it. Do you understand? It has no value in itself. It's only valuable because people want to use it. So now Nixon has to go and create demand for the US dollar. Right? So the first thing he does is he goes to Saudi Arabia [clears throat] and he creates something called a petro dollar. [applause] Right? The idea of the petro dollar is very simple. Saudi Arabia which is the largest oil exporter in the world will only accept payment in US dollars. Therefore if you want oil you have to have US dollars. Okay? That's the first thing that Nixon does. The second thing that Dixon does is actually even more important. What does he do? You guys know he visits China. Okay. Not only does he visit China, but he's established a framework in which America will give China everything. Okay. In 1980s, what happens? America gives China its market access. Right now, US consumers can buy goods from China. That's a huge deal, guys. Okay, that's number one. Number two is America gives China FDI technology education. All right, imagine what happens. America gives foreign investment to China, gives all this capital to China, gives all this technology to China, right? All these military secrets that America has, it gives to China for free. And not only that, but America educates the Chinese elite. Okay. 1980s, all these Chinese students, Chinese students for grad school, go to America to learn America technology. Okay. And the third thing, and this is the most important, is military protection. All these conflicts that China has with Southeast Asia, with Japan, Vietnam, America will now protect China. When Chinese ships export goods to Europe, Africa, and United States, the US Navy will now protect these ch Chinese ships. Okay, you understand? You're like, "Oh my god, America gave China everything. America made China rich. Why would America do that?" And there's one answer and only one answer. It's to make you China use US dollars. Okay, it's that simple. Okay, so now when China trades with the world, it gets US dollars in return. You understand? Okay, and the entire idea is to make the world addicted to US dollars. And now that the world is addicted to US dollars, now that the world depends on US dollars, America can now control the global economy. Okay. So in 1999, [clears throat] sorry, 1991, the Soviet Union collapses. Okay? And now America is the only game in town. There's no one who can challenge the supremacy of the Americans. And so now what happens is America creates something called the new world order. The new world order is based on global trade. But because United States controls the US dollar, it can now control something called pricing. Pricing just means that the Americans can decide the value of everything. Okay? So what America does is create a price hierarchy. So at the very bottom are resources. Above that is manufacturing. Then there's knowledge and then finance. Okay. This is the price hierarchy for the world. All right. And it divides the world into a division of labor. Okay. So what is resources? Well guys, it's Russia. Okay, that doesn't make sense. Russia, Africa, South America. What's made factory? China. What's knowledge? Europe. And what is finance? America. Okay, does that make sense? So, what's going to happen is that America is going to take its manufacturing and transfer to China. Okay? Because it's cheaper for China to do it than for America to do it. And all America is going to do is finance. Okay? What is finance? Finance is just the creation of money for the purpose of creating more money, right? Okay. So, this is the system in place and at first it sounds great because everyone's making money. Okay. But there are inherent instability in this system. Okay? And we will discuss all this instability throughout the semester. But for the sake of simplicity, uh let's talk about America. What happens when you focus on finance is that you become a speculative economy. You focus on gambling. Okay, basically gambling. And this leads to something called the 2008 great financial crisis when the American economy collapsed. Okay. And at this time the entire world economy should have collapsed. And so what happened was all these central banks from around the world came together at in Basil Switzerland the bank of international settlements. Okay. Right. The secretive body in which all economic policies are made and they decide the only way to save the world is if China spends money. You understand? Why do we have all these skyscrapers? Why are the there all these airports? Why are all these highspeed railways? Because America because China to save the global economy decided to invest in infrastructure. Okay. And belit initiative and that saved the global economy. Now after China did this, [clears throat] China developed a lot of debt. Okay? And China basically said to the world, listen, um, we saved the global economy, so we deserve a seat at the table, right? We deserve to be equals to America. And so, we're going to sell our products, our Huawei phones around the world. Uh, we're going to compete with America for global dominance. And America said, "Screw you." Okay? And that led, of course, to Donald Trump. 2016, Donald Trump. And [snorts] the first thing Donald Trump did, of course, was initiate the USChina trade war, right? China wants to be an equal to America. America says, "Nope, screw you. We're going to destroy you." Okay? So, America tried to sanction China. Uh, America tried to blockade China. Okay? So, we'll discuss this again later on throughout the semester. Okay? Then what happened of course is 2022 Russia invades Ukraine. Okay? So what Russia is saying is you know this price hierarchy screw this. Okay? Because guess what happens guys? If you don't have any resources this system doesn't work. Okay? Try manufacturing manufacturing without any resources. Try having knowledge about resources. Try having finance about resources. Okay? So when Russia invades Ukraine, it's trying to control the resources of Ukraine. Russia and Ukraine together controls onethird of the world's carbohydrates. Africa, the Middle East starves to death without Russian and Ukrainian grain. Okay? Does that make sense? So now this entire system is in jeopardy. Okay? And so what's happening today is America is fighting to save its game. It's trying to fight to save the system. It's trying to fight to save the US dollar. It's trying to fight to save its hedge money. Okay? And Russia and China are trying to exert themselves. [snorts] So we are in a time of game reset. All right? Game reset. and that this is the world that we live in today. Okay. All right. So, we will discuss this throughout the semester. Any questions? Are you guys clear? So, I I know this was a lot to take in, but we'll go into just the specifics throughout the semester. Okay. We'll go we'll go and we'll we'll apply to current events to explain why this is happening. Any questions? Okay. So the only purpose of America like they produce a service for China is to let them use US dollars, right? So American can use this game to everyone. But think China does not do the same thing as America. Like they created this this game. Why? Okay. [clears throat and cough] All right. So, um we'll discuss this throughout the semester. Okay. The relationship between China and uh the United States. So remember that the United States wants China to play this game, but they can't really say to the world, "Oh, we're doing this because we're greedy and we want China to be subservient to us." Okay? So they said that we we want China to play the game because this game will allow the middle class to rise. It will make China much more democratic. Okay? But that's that was just BS. That was just a fraud, a lie, hypocrisy. All right. So now that China is in this game all right what it's trying to do is restructure the game so that is more more independent okay because the problem for China is okay um to play this game what you're doing is you're taking resources right you're um creating manufacturing exports okay and so that's the role China in this game. There's certain problems with this game. The first problem is um America controls the entire game, right? So America can say, you know, we don't like you, so you can't trade anymore. So basically they stop uh they limit the resources and they limit the market access. Okay? So what China needs to do to survive is idea of diversify. [snorts] Create markets outside of the United States. Create um like find resources that are not dependent on the US. Okay. So that's a game that China is playing and that's the idea of bricks. Okay. We'll discuss bricks later on. All right. But the bricks is a very different concept where before America was trying to impose its game on everyone. Now China is just trying to create a system that is not so dominated by the Americans. Okay. That's a Chinese mentality, right? Does that make sense? Okay. All right. Any more questions, guys? Okay. Great. So, I will we'll continue this on Thursday. Okay.


=== axqDLhWs93Q ===

Today we discuss communism, Marxism. We will discuss uh what it is, where did it come from and why did it succeed. Now the 20th century um had the cold war and so that was an ideological struggle between capitalism and communism. And for the longest time we believe that capitalism and communism were polar opposites, a dialectic, okay, a black and white. But if that is the case, then how do we explain China? Because for the longest time, China was a communist country and then in 1980s it started to reform and now China is very much a capitalist country. In fact, if you think about it, this transition has been seamless. There hasn't been much conflict because of this transition. And this is not true historically where um transitions have been very violent. Okay? Okay. So, think of the transition from um feudalism to capitalism. Okay. That was a very violent process. Think of the process from Catholic Europe into Protestant Europe. That was also a very violent process. But in China, communism transitioned into capitalism pretty easily, pretty quickly and extremely successfully. Okay? And in fact you could say that today China is very much a capitalist country with some communist elements but it's very much capitalistic. So the question then is if these two ideologies capitalism communism are such polar opposites if it's a dialectic then how this happened in China and what I want to show you today is that actually this is a false dialectic okay meaning that communism and capitalism are actually more similar than they are different in fact what I will show you is that [snorts] in many ways communism is a creation of capitalism as a weapon to destroy capitalism capitalism's major enemies. Okay, so communism is not really the enemy of capitalism. The real enemies of capitalism are different ideologies. Okay, so these ideologies include monarchy. The idea of monarchy is that rather than power in the hands of a capitalist, power is in the hand of the king. Okay? And what a king often does is redistribute capital in a way that is more fair. So for example, when a king first comes into power, what a king often does is cancel all debts and redistribute the land. And that's why he's so popular. Okay? So capitalists are afraid of kings. They don't want kings because a king will often redistribute property. Another great enemy of capitalism is religion or theocracy. Okay. The idea here is that all religions teach you that money is evil. Right? God doesn't want you to make money. God wants you to be kind to others, to love your children, to be a nice person. Okay? So that's why in Catholic Europe, they were so poor because people were more focused on redemption and salvation than they were on making money. Okay? So theocracy is also a major enemy of capitalism. Then you also have nationalism. [snorts] Nationalism is the idea of loyalty to your people, loyalty to your nation. For capitalism, that's a problem. Okay? Because capitalism wants to be loyal to capital and it wants capital to flow through across borders. So I see an investment opportunity in China. I want to take my money from America and put it into China. I don't want to worry about oh China's my enemy. China is not my people. Okay. So nationalism is also a major problem. And then you also have another problem okay called democracy. So believe it or not capitalists hate democracy. Why do they hate democracy? Because if you think about it, if people had power, the workers had power, they would all get together and vote to redistribute wealth, right? To make the rich pay more taxes. We call this socialism. Okay? So, you think about it, the enemy of capitalism is not communism. It's these four other things. If you you actually think about it. Okay? Communism is is working with capitalism to destroy all four of these things, right? So let's look at this [snorts] monarchy. Okay, communism does not allow for monarchs to arise. It allows for a party to arise, right? What is a party? Party is an oligarchy. All right, which is a capitalist system. Now theocracy what does Mark say? Mark says is that religion is the opiate of the people. Religion is the great evil of the world. Religion creates false consciousness. Therefore we must destroy all religion. Right? And if religion is destroyed what is left? The only thing that is left is money. Okay. Now nationalism national communism is international. Right? Workers of the world unite. So nationalism is also bad. We want to unite as a world. All workers unite. The class consciousness is more important than national identity. Right? Now democracy. No, no, no. This is bad too. Right? Because workers cannot um defend their rights. Workers have false consciousness. Workers have been brainwashed by the capitalists in school, in the media, by the internet, by Hollywood. Okay? Therefore, a vanguard, the party must lead the people into socialism. All right? So this is really convenient how capitalist and communism have similar enemies and communism helps destroy all four enemies in a way that capitalism cannot. Right? So you could also you could also make the argument that maybe communism was a weapon or a virus [clears throat] created by capitalism in order to conquer the world in order to destroy the world so that capitalism can spread throughout the world. And China is an example of this, right? Think of think about the cultural revolution that destroyed religion, that destroyed tradition, that destroy cultural identity. And what happened after the cultural revolution? China became capitalist and it became hyper capitalistic. China had the fastest growth rate, economic growth rate in the world. How did that happen? Okay. So, I'm not saying this is true. I'm saying like this something for us to think about. All right. All right. So let us now think about this and again um this is all just speculation on my part okay I don't really know I'm saying like you know why is this happening why is this the correlation right all right so an example is Kar Marx and Kar marks of course is the founder of communism um and the history of K Marx is like really really strange So for example um he is a German citizen but he spent all his time in Britain. He was exiled from Germany because they advocated for world revolution. So he went to Britain. But Britain is also a capitalistic country. So why is it that he's allowed to do whatever he wants in Britain? He he wrote most of his works in a British library in a in a um the British museum. So why did the British authorities allow him to do that? That's a question for us, right? Britain is the most capitalist country in the world at this time, 19th century. And Britain basically allow Marx to live there and do whatever he wants. Okay, that's strange. Number two is Karl Marx. Where did he get his money from? Okay, so Karl Marx actually his wife is a German aristocrat. So she's used to luxury. But Karl Marx never made any money in his life, right? Who if he writes these works, the Congress manifesto, that's capital. No one's going to read them. They don't sell, right? So he's not a wealthy person, but we know for a fact that he actually lived a very good life. Okay? He wasn't an aristocrat. He wasn't wealthy, but he was middle class. His kids went to private school. They had a nice house in Britain. So the question is, where did he get his money from? Well, what they say is he got his money from his partner Frederick Engles. And where did Frederick Engles get his money from? Well, his father was a capitalist, an industrialist. So there here's a question for you. Why would his father who is a very wealthy person let give angles a lot of money to give to Marx and Marx is calling for a world revolution to destroy the capitalists. Why would they do that? Okay, that's kind of strange. The third thing is that at this time [snorts] socialism was the most dominant ideology for many reasons. Okay. Okay. And the idea of of socialism is that um it will evolve naturally. Okay. But Mark says no no no we cannot allow it to evolve naturally. It will not evolve naturally. We need a revolution. Okay. We need a world revolution. Right? So that's a question for us. Why would he say this? Okay. So, so let's look at what socialism is and then let's look at what communism is. Okay, let's look at socialism. All right, the idea of socialism is pretty simple. All right, so before you had a feudal society and then it became industrial. Because it becomes industrial, you have lots and lots of workers, okay? And you have capitalists. [snorts and clears throat] The problem though is that capitalism exploits labor. It makes people very unhappy. Okay? So the workers want change. Then you have the industrialist, the capitalist. The problem is that capital consolidates. Okay? So maybe you have a thousand capitalists to start, but then maybe 10 will take over all the money. Okay? All the means of production, the factories. Then maybe one, okay? Because that's how capitalism works. It consolidates which means that eventually the capitalist will turn against capitalism as well. Okay? And because of democracy because people can vote, they can then together affect political change and this will lead to socialism. What is socialism? Socialism is just a redistribution of wealth. Okay, a redistribution of wealth. Now let's for for the sake of simplicity say there are three classes. Okay, you have the rich, you have the middle class and you have the poor. Okay? Right? So all redistribution is doing is taking the money from the rich and giving it to the poor. You understand? But because of this, what happens is the middle class improves in status and power. Okay? So if you look at the system, you would think, okay, look, the poor want this system because they have more money, they have more equality, but also the people who really want the system are the middle class because it means that over time they have more power and status than the rich, right? And this is a pretty powerful coalition. That's why socialists believe that over time this is just a natural evolution. And this is true for most of human history. Right? So after World War II, Europe didn't become communist. It didn't become capitalist. It became socialist. It had a very strong welfare system. Okay? [snorts] So just the natural course of human history, socialism will become inevitable. Okay? Doesn't make sense to you guys. Okay? Because this is a majority of people. But Mark's had problems with this. Okay, Mark says, "Okay, all right. The major problem with this is class, sorry, false consciousness. [snorts] Okay, you think that this is a natural process, but capitalists, the ruling elite, have a lot of tricks up their sleeves." Okay, for example, um they can brainwash the workers, right? So for this to work out, you need to create true consciousness. So you you need to destroy religion. You need to revamp the educated system. You need to control the media. Okay? Otherwise, the capitalist will use the schools, the media, religion to brainwash the workers. And also these workers need to unite together across the world to have true power. Okay? Why? Because the real struggle is one of class. Okay? Consciousness. And for socialism to arise, we need to destroy class. Okay? So the idea of the middle class obtaining power, that's bad. What we should have is just everyone the same. Okay. Equality. Right. And that's the idea of Marxism to destroy all property. Okay. That's the that's the main difference between socialism and communism. Socialism is the redistribution of property. Communism is the destruction of property. But if you do it this way, what happens is that the middle class now lose [clears throat] status, right? And so it's both the rich and middle class that suffer under communism and therefore they will probably unite together against the poor. You understand? So it sounds similar socialism and communism, but it's night and day. Socialism seems like the natural evolution of things. Okay. And so it sounds right. So why is Mark screwing screw screw around this? Okay. He also says that okay. You also need a party. You also need a vanguard, an elite to destroy the false consciousness, unite the workers and create a communist society. And when they do that, when when system is completely communist, then the party will give up power and you will have a socialist paradise. But then the question then is why would the party give up power? Right? So if the part is capable of of creating consciousness, why don't they just switch to a different false consciousness? Okay. So the problem with Marx is that it's working on socialism and making it more extreme. It's also making it more confusing. And why would he do that? Okay, it's very confusing now. All right. And my argument to you is that when this happens, when an idea becomes more extreme, the intention is to discredit it, to make it illegitimate, to destroy the idea. All right? So if you think about it, according to game theory, the people responsible for communism is not Marx. The people responsible for communism are the capitalists, the ruling elite because they want to destroy the idea of socialism, right? They don't want this unity between the middle class and the work and the workers. They want the middle class to to remain with the nobility and the oligarchy. Okay? Does that make sense? All right. So, let me show how this works. All right? So in the field economy you have the monarch and the nobility. Okay. And the monarch nobility have power through three mechanisms. First of all they control the land. Uh they control the military and they control the religion. Okay. So this is the status quo. And then the peasants are the people who work the land. And this was true for most of Catholic Europe. But then with the rise of industrialism, you have new people come into power. Okay? So for example, you have the boujo. Who are the boujo z? Boura Z are just the capitalists, the factory owners. Okay? And because of the boujo, you now have the workers. And then because of this industrial economy, you have the middle class. Okay, the middle class are just like lawyers, teachers, accountants, journalists, people who support the industrial economy. All right? Now, when this happens, when you have a uh new groups of people emerge, you now have tension, you have violence. Okay? And this is ultimately what led to the French Revolution [snorts] where the new order. Okay, these people worked together to try to overthrow the old order and this led to the Napoleonic wars. Seven wars fought between France and everyone else. Okay. And that led to the deaths of millions, tens of millions of people in Europe. It was a deadly war. And after Napoleon was defeated, all the leaders, the the nobility of Europe got together and sec and decided that from now on we will no longer fight war. Okay? They create something called the concert of Europe. The concert of Europe is basically um these different monarchies agreeing to resolve the differences over negotiations rather than on the battlefield. So think think of it as a as a United Nations. Okay? and it worked really really well. The problem is that it worked too well because you're not resolving this problem. Okay? You're not resolving this conflict between the new order and the old order, right? The these people want to maintain the status quo, but these people the industrial economy wants a new a new um order that allows for democracy. Okay. Liberalism. Okay. Socialism. Okay. So, a more redistribution of wealth. um greater participation in the political system and the limitations of the uh religion. Okay. So basically the French revolution. All right. So right now so this system was created to avoid the French revolution but because of peace the ingredients for the re French revolution are increasing. Okay. And this led to something called the 1848 revolutions. 18848 revolutions. And this happened throughout the entirety of Europe where each place there was a uprising a combination of these people the borders middle class and workers who called for changes in government. Okay. Some places were violent, some places were peaceful. Some places focused more on democracy. Some place focus more on liberalism. Some places focus more on socialism. Okay. All right. So, does that make sense? After 1848, what the leaders of Europe recognized is that you know what? If you don't do anything about this situation, eventually the new order is going to consume us. The new order of the bouro middle class and workers. This alliance is going to destroy us. So, what can we do about it? Their solution is we have to divide them. Okay, we have to divide them. So before the conflicts were about power, status, religion. Okay. So the first idea is let's create the idea that the real conflict is class. Okay. So the real enemy is not between the nobility and the boujo. Okay. The real enemy is between the boujo and the workers. Okay. This is the real conflict. Right. Second is that [snorts] we have to discredit um these people and make this movement seem extreme, fanatical, zealous. Okay? And you do that by saying, "Okay, no property." What we want is not a warfare society. What we want is a completely equal society where no one has any money. No one has any rights. No one has any freedom. Communism. Okay. And the third way you deliberize it is say that this is a international conspiracy. Hey guys, Jews. These communists are in secret society who want to take over the entire world. So it's not that oh these workers just want more rights. No, no, no. These workers are tools in an actual conspiracy to conquer the entire world. They are funded by Jews, by capitalists, by the British. Who cares? Okay? But they're not Germans. They're not French. They're not us. Do you understand? So you think about it. Communism was a scop, okay? A tool used by the elite, by the nobility to make the movement of democracy, socialism, and liberalism illegitimate. Okay, this is his propaganda. Okay, doesn't make sense, guys? All right, so let's look at the evidence for this. All right. So this is the 1848 revolutions. So what happened was that because of peace you have overpopulation, you have economic growth. Okay. That led to inequality that led to corruption. That led to conflict between the bourgeo the new rising powers and the nobility the status quo powers. Okay? And that's why you have these revolutions throughout Europe. Okay? So look at France. Okay? This is a French um you look at like all these places this happening all at the same time okay everywhere and again um different systems will respond differently the only place in Europe that's basically speared these revolutions is England and the reason why is that England has colonies where if you're not happy you can go somewhere else like Canada or United States or Australia New Zealand okay but you can leave but everyone else is stuck where they are and they are [clears throat] fighting for more rights and again this puts the fear of God into the European nobility. Okay, for the longest time they got along they maintain peace but now the boujo the industrialists the capitalists want to overthrow the regime. Okay. So what they do now is they sponsor the creation of communism to divide the capitalist the middle class and the workers against each other. Okay. Okay. To create the idea of cast class conflict. All right. Um, okay. So, Karl Marx and Feder Engles. All right. They write something called the communist manifesto. And this comes after the 1848 revolutions because they because after the 1848 revolution they are absolutely convinced that Europe is in is ready for a global revolution. Okay. And this is their agenda and this is also a secret document because at this time the communists are secret society all around Europe. Okay. And I would argue that this was probably being funded by the nobility. Okay. Okay. So it calls for all abolition of property. All right. No more property. That's pretty extreme. So be because again remember the middle class wants to support socialism but it cannot support communism. Socialism is just a redistribution of wealth. Communism is the abolition of wealth. Two different things. All right. Um all abolition of inheritance. Okay. Again you're middle class. You're like I worked really hard to make this money. I want to give to my children. Now I can't anymore. Okay. This is pretty awful. All right. Centralization of credit in the hands of the state. Okay. By means of a national bank. Okay. And you think, okay, this is this sounds pretty extreme, but you know what? We they already do this in capitalism. It's called the Bank of England, right? All right. So there are already some a lot of similar between capitalism, communism. Remember the Bank of England is where all wealth from around the world is stored, right? So a centralized bank and communist system, it's the same thing, right? Um centralization of a means of communication, right? A party. Well, this is just the capitalist class, an oligarchy, like does it really matter? If um it's an oligarchy or a part, it's the same thing really, right? um extension of factories, instruments of production owned by the state. Equal liability of all work, combination of agriculture, manufacturing industries. All right? So this is the idea of creating a politariat. All right? Or manufacturing. And this capitalist want guys. Okay? So for at this time most of the world is a agricultural feudal and this calls for the creation of a manufacturing industrial economy. That's what Cathols want, right? Because that way they can better exploit people. Um, free education for all children. And you're like, "Oh, well that's great, man. Free schooling." No, it's not because now you can brainwash them, right? This is brainwashing. So, you know, you're like, "Okay, well, this agenda is communist. Well, if I'm a capitalist, I'm okay with this agenda. Right. I'm happy with this agenda. What's wrong with this agenda? Right. All right. [snorts] When the course development classations have disappeared and all production has been country enhanced vast association of the whole nation, the public power will lose its political character. Political power socalled is merely organized power of one class for oppressing another. The politic during its contest with the boujo is compelled by the force of circumstances to arise of its class. If by means of revolution it makes itself the ruling class as it sweeps away by force the old conditions of production than it will along these conditions have swept away the conditions for the existence of the class and antagonism of classes generally and will thereby have abolished its own supremacy as a class. Okay. All right. So this sounds very public but it's not. Okay. First of all, it establishes the politarian and the party are the real enemies, not between the capitalist and the monarchy uh between capitalism and religion. The real conflict is class between the bar and the and the um proletariat. Okay? And for the politician to win, they need a party. Okay? They need a vanguard party. But hey, once this Vanguard party establishes itself and destroys class, it will go away. Okay, you understand? It will give up power voluntarily. It will choose to not exist anymore. This has never happened in issue before, but trust us on this one. Okay. This time it will be different. All right. All right. Okay. So, this is interesting. In the communist manifesto it says okay Switzerland we support the radicals in Poland we support uh the aan revolution in Germany we support the boujo sorry uh um yeah the politarian okay so in different places they have different concerns they have different needs right and what these people are saying is that we're not part of the natural conspiracy all we want is a more fair just society that's all we Not we're not part of a secret society bent on world domination. What the communist manifesto says is yes you are. Yeah, we're all part of this great conspiracy to conquer the world and establish communism. Right. So why would they do that? Why would they do that? That's really strange guys, right? Why would they admit we are a national conspiracy? worst society. This is a secret document that we read amongst ourselves. But it's also possible for you to steal and show that yes, there is this secret society and that's a conspiracy of Jews who are trying to destroy the world. Okay. Really interesting. Okay. So now I want to talk about 1917. >> [snorts] >> What happens in 1917 is this World War I is breaking out, okay? And the Russians are losing the war. The SAR uh Nicholas, he abdicates and now you have a democratic government in Russia. But then the Bullshiks, the Bolsheviks are an extreme communist faction. Okay. They launched October revolution. So basically they seize power for themselves and then have election. As you can see from this election the bullshiks even though they have seized power they're not as popular okay as the socialists. Okay the socialists are going to argue for more gradual change. The bullshiks want radical change. So you can see 17 million people voted for the socialists. Only 10 million people voted for the Bovix even though the BICs controlled the government. Okay? And also look look at this. At the end of the day, [clears throat] they only got 23% of the popular vote. Okay? So they are not a popular faction. They're a minority. Okay? But and so this launches the civil war. Okay. And as you can see at this time in history, yes, the communists have control over the major cities of Russia, but they don't really control most of Russia. In fact, they have lots and lots of enemies. They have the whites to deal with. The whites is basically the nobility. Okay? And they have also um allied armies who come in. They have the Greens who are the peasants. Okay, they have lots and lots of enemies. And at this time in history, you could not possibly expect that the Bviks would win this battle. Okay, but they do. All right, here's something interesting. This is the Romanoffs. Okay, the Romanoffs. Sorry. The Romanovs. The Romanovs have been in power in Russia for hundred years. Okay? And the Romanovs are beloved by the peasants and they themselves are part of the Orthodox tradition. They're also relatives of the nobility of um of Europe. Okay. So, England and Germany. All right. So, this is um the Sar Nicholas II. The SAR here is Nicholas II. Okay. Um and and these are all his relatives. This is the Romanov dynasty. [snorts] Now, when the revolution broke out, you would think that they would just run away to Europe, right? Where their relatives are. They didn't do that. They just stuck around. So the question then is why would they just stick around? The answer is they never believe they were in danger. Okay, first of all, they could not expect the Bleviks to um win out, but also they're beloved by the peasants. Um they're part of the Orthodox church tradition and they have relatives who are the most powerful people in Europe, including uh in England, including in Germany, right? The Kaiser. So they thought they were fine. But then something strange happens. The Blevix decides to kill every one of them. Okay? They wipe out the Romanov family between 17 and 18 of members of the Romanov family were assassinated. And you're like that makes no sense. Why would they do that? By doing that, first of all, you piss off the peasants, right? You turn the peasants peasants against you because the peasants love the the royal family. You now get the families of Europe pissed off at you because you kill their relative, but also you come across as fanatical bon revolution. Okay? And then you piss off the orthodox as well. So these communists are fanatics. So, but let's assume they're not fanatics and let's assume that in fact they had a good reason to do this. Why would they do that? Okay. And the answer is this. The Romanovs had billions and billions of dollars in foreign banks. Okay. in the city of London on Wall Street. Okay. A lot of their wealth, billions and billions of dollars is stored overseas. What happens if they die? What What happens if they all die? Right? Guess what? These billions now belong to the foreign banks. That's a lot of money, man. And in fact, this is exactly what happened where um they all died and the foreign banks just took control over this money. And this is one of the great controversies of the 20th century. Okay? The government of Russia has been trying for a long time to get this money back. And the far bank's like, "Well, you don't own this money. It's a Romanovs who own this money." Okay. So, this is evidence that the communists and the capitalists actually are friends. They're working together. Okay. Does that make sense, guys? All right. [clears throat] Let's continue. All right. Another thing is that again, the BVIS are not that popular. Okay. The peasants are pissed off at them because they just killed a noble family. There aren't that many workers. So, how can they fight this war? Well, they fight this war using mercenaries, okay, from Lavia, from China, from the Hungarians. Okay, so there's over 200,000 of these mercenaries. And you're like, wait a minute here. How did these guys get paid? The bushings don't have any money. How are they getting paid? Right? And the answer is, well, Wall Street, guys, Wall Street and the city of London gave the bushfix money to pay these mercenaries. It was Wall Street who paid for these mercenaries. You like, why would they do that? And the answer is because the bullshiks to pay washi backs created the red terror. Okay. The red terror is when the bolshvix basically went to all the rich people in Russia. The nobility says you either give me all your money or I will rip your daughter. I will kill your wife. I will kill you. Right? And guess what? By doing that they made a lot lot of money. And that and that money went to pay Wall Street for the foreign mercenaries. Again, capitalist and communist work well together. Okay. Then you have [clears throat] the allies, right? So, Britain, America, France, Japan sent these huge armies to Russia. And everyone thought, okay, it should destroy communism because these are capitalists. They're afraid of the communists. But in fact, that's how it happened. Okay, they went to collect debt. Okay. So, Russia owed these countries money. The Soviet the the Bolshevik paid off his debt. So then the Allies left and attacked the whites. Okay. All right. So the Allies helped the Bviks and Wall Street gave money to the Bviks for mercenaries and that's how the BVIS won the war. Does that make sense? All right. So capitalist and communist work well together because they have a similar worldview. All right. So this is um a passage from a book called Wall Street and the Russian Revolution by Richard Spence. Okay. And Richard Spence uh is a historian and he had lots of documentation where Wall Street is actually financing the BFIX and he explains why this has happened. He says that Wall Street wants to destroy the Russian economy. Okay, destroy the Russian economy because Russia is a threat. Okay, and then it wants to steal the riches and the resources from the Russians. Okay, that's the purpose of financing the bolshviks to destroy the Russian economy and to steal the wealth of Russia. All right, from 1918 until 1921, the Bolshviks reduced Russia to an economy based on barter and robbery. Okay, so the basically stole everything from the rich, the middle class, and the poor to finance their war. [snorts] Besides the opposition of private trade and the destruction of the monetary system, the red regime embarked on a massive looting campaign, ransacking palaces, bank vaults, churches and museums. Okay, we call this asset stripping. So basically the bush destroyed their own society in order to get the money to finance this war in order to pay off Wall Street. Okay. They they appropriated every valuable they could get their hands on and stash it all in a new state treasury. By the close of 1921, an estimated $450 million in valuables have been sequester there with more to come. Much of it that's going to be fenced abroad for a fraction of its value in capitalist hard currency. Okay. So basically the Bviks stole everything in order in order to finance the war. Okay. And in the process by destroying their tradition, by destroying their wealth, by destroying their religion, by destroying their nobility, it made the Soviet Union now much more amendable to capitalism. That's what happened when Soviet Union fell. It became capitalist. Okay. So that shows us it shows us is that capitalism, communism are not enemies. They're partners in world conquest. And that's what the 20th century is about. All right, any questions? So I think for for China when the China is um officially recognized as a country most of them said that we need to pursue communism and abandon capitalism. But there is like they followed Mark's thinkings and like currently there's a special term which is I think I don't know the English name but it's called Chinese unique socialism. I don't know like is that a a way that the leaders deal with when the country is you know actually pursuing capitalist or is actually pursuing capitalist but the communism goal is just professed. Okay. So [clears throat] China is an interesting example because when Markx was examining the world the two places he didn't really consider are Russia and China. Okay. Uh so marks okay Russia and China okay why the answer is because both are a agricultural agarian or what he calls feudal so from his perspective Russia and China have not reach a state of development which is ripe for world revolution okay for him the focus is on Germany And this makes sense because remember Britain Marx is being being supported by Britain, right? And Britain is a great enemy of Germany. So that's why Britain would support Marx because he wants he wants because Marx Marx is trying to create a revolution in Germany which is a great enemy of Britain. Okay, that makes sense. So for Marx, he doesn't he thinks that China and Russia don't really matter because they're backward. They're agricultural. They have monarchies. Okay. So, so it doesn't really fit into his model. But then Lenin, okay, came and said, "No, you can speed up the revolution. Okay, you don't even though peasants peasants become workers if you have a party to help the process." Okay. So, that was Lena's contribution. And Mali is like, "No, you don't even need workers, okay? You can have a movement entirely on peasants." And then once you have won the revolution, then um you can create industrial revolution. So really, if you think about it, Mao wasn't really leading a communist revolution. It was it was um you know, it g it had the facade of communism, but it was really a peasant uprising. [clears throat] Okay. So, Ma was not a great um communist theoretician like Marx or Lenin. Ma was a military commander. Okay. So, he he he was no different from other um peasant leaders in the past. Um people like um [cough and clears throat] Janjang, okay, of of of the Ming dynasty, these people. Um but in order to create legitimacy um in order to have support from the Soviet Union from Russia they had the communist facade. Okay. And also communism provided a framework in order to industrialize very quickly. So what's important to understand is that at this time in history Mao was trying to actually work with the United States as well. Okay. Okay, he's trying to work with both the Soviet Union and the United States. The United States wanted to support Changesh Chai. So when Mao won basically uh the United States shut off China, embargo China which forced uh Mao to fully embrace communism. Okay. Right. But for Mao, communism was not that important. What's important is to industrialize very quickly. Industrialization. Okay. So for him what's important is industrialization. The other idea is the idea of national sovereignty. All right? So he didn't really want to be controlled by the Soviet Union. If China was fully communist then Soviet Union would say well you're our you're our little brother. Okay. But for M what was important is national sovereignty. And that's what ultimately led to the Sino Soviet split in 1957. Okay. Does that make sense? >> All right. Okay. So can we understand that capitalist equals to communis communism or uh capitalism equals to communism or communism is a weapon of capitalism but like if we try to pursue communism at the end we will finally achieve capitalism. Okay. All right. [clears throat] So capitalism is the belief that you can shut society around capital. Okay. And this is a direct threat to the old order. Okay. The old order which focus on uh religion [music] um the king the military. Okay. So the capital is like no let's get away with all this complexity. Let's just make capital the basis of of society. Okay. Now what happened is that as these two systems came into conflict. All right. Um the workers wanted socialism. Okay. Social democracy. So capitalism um from capitalism you had social democracy right? Social democracy is is is easy. Okay. Yes. Yes we believe in capitalism but we believe in restraints on capitalism. We believe on a fair distribution of capital. All right. And that makes sense because well um you can't just have a few people with all the money. Okay. All right. But what happened was social democracy was both a threat to the old order as a threat to communism as well. Right? So the old order capitalism what they did was they would mutate social democracy into communism in order to delegitimize okay delegitimize social democracy to make it this into a threat against everyone. Okay? Does that make sense? Right. So to summarize, capitalism is just a natural outgrowth of history. But this comes in conflict with the old order and capitalism will give birth to social democracy. All right? Which which is a natural response to capitalism. Social democracy become a threat to both the old order as and as well as capitalism. Capitalism and the old order are also in conflict with with each other. So what they do is they conspire to create communism. Okay. Okay. So in the early days communism is being supported by both the nobility and the and the capitalists but for different reasons. All right. And then what happens is that because of this support communism becomes much more extreme which leads to bullsheism. Okay. Or um revolution. [clears throat] Right. Right. Does that make sense how the system worked out? So, so we can't say, okay, well, they all had this plan out. No, it's actually much more organic, much more confusing than that. At first, they had communism just as a scop. Okay, no one actually believe that. Oh my god, from communism, you'll have bullshism. Okay, because bchism is just crazy. Okay. But at first they thought communism was crazy but then it became much more mainstream and that led to the birth of bullshism which became which was really crazy at that time but over time it also became more extreme uh sorry became much more mainstream which led to the rise of communism everywhere including [clears throat] in China. Okay. So 1917 [snorts] 1917 the October revolution it was a wild gamble and it worked because of the greed of capitalists. Okay. But once it worked out once communism was established in Soviet Union then it changed the way people saw the world and they thought that now communism is possible anywhere including in China. Okay. Does that make sense? All right. Any more questions, guys? Okay. Great. All right. So, we go on break for a month and then we come back from the break. What we're going to do is we're going to learn, we're going to take all that we've learned, okay? All this history, all this game theory and apply it to the modern world. So, we look at specific current events. So, during the break, I want you guys to focus on current events, reading news, right? So, uh America is about to attack Iran Iran soon. Um, America is going to take over Greenland Canada. Um, Trump is vis visiting China in April. There's there's going to be a lot of news for us to cover. Okay. So, uh, during the break, uh, please focus on keeping up with current events. All right. Okay, guys. All right. See you after the break.


=== jIS2eB-rGv0 ===

I hope everyone had a nice break and welcome back to the end of the world. So, as you know, World War II has started. United States and Israel have start to attack Iran and we are now in the fourth day of this war. And we can expect this war to last for many weeks, possibly also for many years. But I promise you that after this war is done, the world will never be the same again. So what what we will do these next few weeks is use game theory and understand and analyze the geopolitical situation. And so I'm going to teach you the ideas, the theories, the techniques to understand the world around you and make predictions. and we can know if our analysis is correct because all this is happening in real time and so we can test it against reality. All right, so let's go over some basic facts about what's happened so far. So in the early morning of Saturday uh in Tran the Israelis and Americans launched a decapitation strike against the Alatona uh Hami who is the supreme leader of Iran. Now there are arguments and and disputes about as to what happened. The Americans and Israelis said that they had real intelligence about where the leader was and so they sent airplanes to just bomb the crap out of a place. They also had a spy who was able to record the body of the dead to this was announced. At first, the Iranians denied this and the Iranians insisted he was still alive. But eventually, state media um admitted that he did die in the air strike. But then what they also said is that they had told he's 86 years old and he chose to die. He could have gone to Moscow, but instead he chose to stay in Tran and die for his people. But not only that, but he died along many of his relatives. He died along with his daughter, his son-in-law, his grandchildren. So the entire So many of the family died in this assault. Also, there's been reporting that he had prostrate cancer. Okay? So he was going to die fairly soon as well. So what you need to understand first about the war is that even though the Americans and the Israelis claim great success in decapitating the leadership of the Iranians from the Iranian perspective this is a martyrdom martyrdom. Okay. And so the religion of the Iranians is called Shia um Muslim. And this is different from Sunni Muslim. So uh Sunnis are the majority. They're about 9% of all Muslims in the world. The Shia have always been the minority. And as such, they've always been persecuted. So in the Shia faith, the core value, the force that binds everyone together and gives them purpose and meaning in life, that galvanizes them into action is the idea of martyrdom, which forces jihad. to sacrifice yourself for your religion. Sacrifice yourself for the common good. So think of the death of Kam as a sacrifice, a self-sacrifice in order to motivate their radiance in this war. Okay? So that's the first thing you need to understand that for the Iranians, this is not a biblical war. This is not an economic war. This is not a war of resistance. This is a jihad. Okay? Right? It's a war against the great Satan to avenge their leader. They will fight to the death. All right? That's number one. Number two is this. Also, that morning when um the was killed, they really struck a school in the south of Tran killing about 150 school children. These are girls in primary school. And again, there's not debate and argument as to what happened. This really said that first of all, the school was next to a military base. We are targeting military base. And second of all, it wasn't us which struck the school. It was a air defense missile that went off course. Okay. And the Iranians insisted no. The the Israelis purposefully attacked the school to kill the school children. And then you're like, why would the Israelis do that? But then these few years, well, we've seen what they've done in Gaza, in Palestine to the Palestinians, and it's pretty consistent what the Israelis have been doing. All right? So this action against the Israelis, it's meant to show to themselves in the world that we are now allin. Okay? We've made the sacrifice. We are now committed to this war to win this war at all costs and this action has also provoked the Iranian people to resist with their full might. Okay. So I want you to keep this in mind and again we don't have complete evidence that it's the Israelis who did this but given past actions from the Israelis this is fairly consistent with what they've done. Okay. So we can assume that this is something that do did why they did this what the purpose is something we we will discuss as we move on okay it's very complicated next I want to show you this this is Dubai and Dubai is considered one of the wealthiest safest cities in the world there are thousands tens of thousands of westerners who move to Dubai because it's clean you don't pay any taxes you make a lot of money and you there are great restaurants and this is really the economic model of Dubai. It's one of the Gulf the GCC countries, okay? The Gulf uh coastal countries. And for the longest time, Dubai had a really good deal because they were under the protection of the American military. So they didn't have to pay for defense. They and then they were in the Middle East, which is the oil producing um center of the world. And so they focus on aviation, they focus on logistics, they focus on finance, on tourism. They be extremely wealthy, right? I'm not sure if you've taken Emirates, one of the best airlines in the world. So their airport, Dubai airport, is the busiest in the world. And Dubai for the longest time was flourishing under American protection. And Dubai said to the world, listen, we're like Switzerland. We're neutral. We don't want any involvement in any wars. we're here just to take care of our citizens, to make sure every has a good time to make money. And then right after the war started, the Iranians attacked the uh GCC. Okay, Dubai, Abu Dhabi, uh Ban, Qatar, Kuwait, they attacked these places and these places were like, "What's going on? We're neutral, man. We're not involved in this war." and the airport was shut down in Dubai. At at one point, rich the rich people in Dubai were willing to pay about 250,000 US dollars just get on a plane and get out of there. Okay. So, um the reality is this. For the longest time, Dubai had a reputation for being safe and that's why people move their money there. Guess what, guys? After what the Iranians did, it's dead. Dubai as a city in the long term it is dead because you're a wealthy westerner. You're not going to move to a place where it could be attacked any time by the Iranians. You might move to Singapore. You might move to Hong Kong, Japan, South America, but you're not moving to Dubai. Okay. So, the big question for us is why do I do this? It would say it's really Americans who attack you. Why go after the GCC? All right. and not only that, but they're escalating the attacks against the GCC. So, it's something that we will look at very closely today. Well, the short answer is because these places, even though they they pretend to be neutral, they house the American military. They allow the Israelis and Americans to use their airspace to attack Iran from. All right. So, this is Bahrain. Now, Bane is interesting, okay? Because I I want you guys to remember this, but Bane will probably be one of the major centers of this conflict because first of all, this is the um American fifth fleet. All right, this is their naval base in the Middle East. And as you can see, the Iranians are attacking it with missiles and it's being blown up. Bin is interesting because it has about 50% or even more. Okay. Shia, which is the religion of the Iranians, but the people in charge are the Sunnis. And so what is the what makes this strike really important for from our perspective is first of all, not only are the Iranians attacking US military assets, not only are they destroying the economies of the GCC, but they're also also trying to ignite a religious war, right? If you're Shia, you're loyal to the Aatollah. And if he's dead, then you must as a religious obligation now commit jihad against your enemies. And it's no different in other religions where listen, if you want to kill the Pope, the Catholics would be really angry at you and they would want to kill you, right? So now you have the Shia who will probably eventually arise creating a revolution in Ban. Okay? Okay. So I think Boran will be the first to fall. Dubai will probably go bankrupt. Okay. But in the long term we can expect the entire GCC area including Saudi Arabia to eventually collapse. Okay. And this something we will use game theory to understand. All right let's continue. So we will know how this war develops just based on geography. Okay. So this is a map and this map even even if you don't really know the war, even if you don't know the participants, even if you don't know the weaponry, this map will tell you exactly how this war will progress. All right, so some certain things to keep in mind about this map. This is what we call this area. Okay, really small about it's 33 kilometers wide. Okay, people can swim across it. It's really really um uh narrow. Okay, this small area guys, it's called the str moose. All right, and it's important because it's really the center of the world. This one area is the nexus, the pivot of the world. Let me explain why. First of all, from the GCC, you have 20% of all the world's oil flowing through this narrow straight. Where does it go, guys? It goes to Asia, India, Pakistan, South Korea, China, Japan. India depends on 60% of its oil from this area. China depends on 40%. Japan 75%. Prime Minister Takiichi of Japan has said that listen if the circle closes we run out of oil in about 8 n months. The entire Japanese economy would collapse in 8 9 months. If the circle moves were to close and guess what the Iranians have closed the circle moves okay so we can expect that the entire global economy will suffer greatly over the next few months. All right. So that's point number one. Point number two is okay so the GC sends oil across the shoo and what do they get back in return? Food guys. All right so people don't appreciate the GCC but it is really the lynch pin of the American empire because what is the American empire? The American empire is the petro dollar. All right. The idea of the petro dollar is this. The US dollar is worth nothing. It's only valued when people want it. But the GC says that if you want oil from us, you have to pay us in US dollars. Okay? Then that is the basis of the value of the US dollar. So if the GCC collapses, the American economy and American empire both collapse at the same time. The problem though is the GCC is an artificial construct of empire. It does not exist naturally. Why? Because that's no food. That's no oil, no water. Okay guys, no food, no water. So these cities are able to grow in the millions because of all these petrol dollars flowing in. If you close off the moose, there's no food coming in, right? They're all going to starve. How much food does the GCD get from overseas? 80%. 80% of all the food it consumes comes from overseas that it imports. It does not grow by itself. It imports. All right. So the sugar moose is really key and again the Iranians will close it in order to strangle the global economy and therefore bankrupt the American empire. All right. Second thing you will notice is these mountains. These mountains is what we call Iran. All right, this is Iran. This is GCC. Okay, this is not a fair matchup, right? Because these are mountains. And what can you do in mountains? We can hide rocket bases. You can hide drone bases. You can hide missiles. And that's the entire Iranian offensive strategy. All right. From here they can hide missiles and drones from which to attack the GCC. And what are they attacking? They're attacking um three things, right? They're attacking American military bases. American military bases. That's number one. Okay. Is it possible for the Durkens to defend against these hacks? The answer is no. THEY'RE NOT. IT'S NOT. IT'S THE SILLIEST THING IN the world. You have all these bases in the Middle East, but you cannot defend them against the Iranians. That's kind of strange. Okay, that's number one. Number two is oil and energy. How hard is it to blow up an oil field with a drone? Not hard at all. Can you defend these oil fields? No, you cannot. All right. Number three, and that's most important, is water. Okay, you guys don't know this, but the GCC has little access to fresh water. So the only way that it can produce water is what is what we call dalination plants. Okay, these factories that take salt water and then through electrical chemical process turn it into fresh water for the population to use. 60% of the water supply and as you see comes from the alination plants. Okay, 60%. Is it hard to blow up the dalination plant using a drone? The answer is it's very easy. You understand? Okay, so you have this absurd situation where Iran is a mountain fortress where it can hide its offensive capacity and the GCC it's just this desert, this flat desert and it is exposed to attack and there's nothing it can do about it. Okay. So, at any point in this war, the Iranians can choose to just destroy the entire GCC and there's nothing that anyone can do about it. Okay? But Iran also has a weakness. Okay? And this is fundamental. So, Iran also has a water problem. Okay? So, for the longest time, they suffer a drought issue. Okay? this climate change. And so what the plan of the Israelis Americans is is destroy the water supply of the Iranians because the fortress it it is a mountain fortress but it can also be a mountain prison as well where people are trapped inside with no access to water. Okay. So what we're going to see right now, we're we're already seeing attacks on civilian infrastructure, hospitals. In the future, you will see attacks on water supply, on dams, on reservoirs, on power plants. The point, the idea is to make Iran so inhabitable that the people will will have to rebel against the people or there'll be a refugee crisis in Iran. Okay. So as you can see from this map, this war it is the end of the world. Okay, both sides have the potential to destroy each other. It's really a question of how far do they want to go, right? We we can also say this is almost a game of chicken. Okay, we can blow we can blow each other up. How far do you want to go? And the problem is this. The problem is that the Iranians are Shia which believes in martyrdom and you've killed the religious leader that K. So they're willing to go very very far. The GC the GC countries are Muslim but they're materialistic. They love money. And also most of the population are expatriots, foreigners. 90% of Dubai are foreigners. Guess guess what's going to happen if they suffer? They're going to run away. Okay, so this is not a fair matchup. The big question that people have is first of all, are the Americans going to use ground troops? Because the only way that you can defeat Iran is by using ground troops. Okay, that's a big question we will look at over the next few weeks. Will will America send his army half a million 2 million soldiers to topple the government? Okay, that's question number one. Question number two, nuclear weapons. If you're losing a war, would you choose to use nuclear weapons? Okay, that's another big question that we have. Okay, another big question that we have is who gets involved? Because this situation is so dire that Europe, okay, specifically Germany, France and Britain are talking about entering this war. And guess what? If that happens, it is possible that Russia and China will also enter this war on the side of the Iranians. This is World War II, okay? because of the importance of the political moves, because of the importance of the Middle East, everyone has to get involved at some point. And we're going to use game theory to really try to understand what what's happening on the ground and where this could lead us. Okay. All right. You guys understand? All right. All right. Let's continue. Okay. So again, there are American bases all over the Middle East and originally these bases were established to protect them from basically their own people. Okay, these are monarchies that were imposed on these nations by the Anglo-American Empire, the British first and then the Americans came to support these monarchies. And so they provide defense. But then you're like, wait a minute here. I mean, didn't we just say that these American bases can actually defend these people that they're exposed? And the and the reason and the answer is yes, that's true. But remember that the American military was built during the Cold War. Okay? And the Cold War was a war between the Soviet Union and um America. And so the cold war was defined with something called MAD, mutually assured destruction, because both had nuclear weapons. Okay? So they didn't really go to war against each other. And so in other words, these bases aren't really meant to defend uh these nations from other enemies. They're really meant to impose American authority in the Middle East. Okay? And it's the idea of this. It's the idea that empire it is really a image. It is a hallucination. It's an idea. Empire is the it's an aura of invisibility and inability. Okay? If you fear it, then you obey it. But it's not really designed to fight a war. Okay? And and so that's why we have this absurd situation. And because there are so many bases in the GCC, that gives the Iranians the perfect pretext to attack them in order destroy the GCC economy, which will destroy the American empire. Right? All right. So this is how the war shipping out. Okay. So So the red is the Israelis and the Americans. The yellow are the Iranians. And as you can see, the Iranians are attacking everywhere, primarily Israel, okay? But also, as you can see, a lot of focus on Bahrain and Qatar. And again, the intention is to destabilize the economy and the government, okay? It's it's to try to get as much instability as possible, right? Okay. And as you can see, the Americans and the Israelis are focused on Tran. And so the Americans is use some something we call shock and all. And the very idea of shock and all is you decapitate the enemy. You cut off the head, the body will fall down. Okay. The problem though is again the Iranians see this as a religious war and so the Iranians have of have announced total war. Okay. And so what this means is that right now command and control in in Iraq is decentralized. There's no one person telling everyone what to do. Every region has its own orders, has its own strategy. And so if you knock out Tran, everyone else keeps on going. So you knock off the take off the head, it doesn't change anything. Okay? But unfortunately the um Israelis and Americans use this as a military doctrine. Military doctrine just means how to how you design your military for what purpose. And so the even though the Americans seem like an invincible army, they are not equipped to fight a 21st century war against drones, against religious fanatics. Okay? They're just not all right. But unfortunately, because of military doctrine, they're going to keep on attacking Tran. Now the great irony of all this is that the Iranians who will be most supportive of you of regime change are actually in the cities because they are educated they're progressive the people who are most fundamentally against you will fight you to the death are religious fanatics the Shia militants living in the rural areas okay so this is a really silly thing where you are actually destroying those who who will most likely support you And you're leaving alone those who are most likely to commit jihad against you. All right. Any questions so far guys? Are you clear? All right. So another idea that I want you guys to understand is idea of asymmetry. Asymmetry. All right. So what is asymmetry? Asymmetry means that the two sides are choosing to fight different wars using different techniques because one is much stronger than the other. Okay, America has a great empire. It has unlimited resources. It has a USD. It has it controls the world, right? Iran uh is a country that has been under economic sanctions for the past 45 years. It's poor. It's technology is very limited. Okay. But as we learn in this class, actually those nations that are poor actually have more energy. They're more open and they're more cohesive. Right? So let me give an example. This is what we call the Shahad drones. Shahad drones. Each of these drones cost $50,000 at most. Okay? At most. It can go as cheap as $35,000 US. But one of them is one of them is $50,000. As you can see, you can fit a lot of these drones to a truck that can go anywhere in Iran and they can hide anywhere. All right, so the thing to understand is first of all, these drones are cheap. They're easy and they're easy to make. They make about 500 a day. Okay? And estimates are about there's 80,000 um right now that the Iranians have. So they can go on for a long long time. Okay? And one of these drones again can knock out a dissalination plant. It can knock out a oil field. It can knock out a hotel. It can do a lot of damage. Okay. And it's easily transportable. You can hide it anywhere. You can you can use it from anywhere. Okay? And that's what the Iranians are using as an offensive weapon. And how do Americans defend against this? They use something called a fad. Right. Right guys, this is what they use. FAD. FAD stands for thermal high altitude air defense. And they also have like Patriot systems. There's a lot. Okay. The thing that you will that you need to know know about the system is it's really expensive. This missile guys cost $1 million. $1 million. So, there's this $50,000 drone coming your way and you throw a million dollar missile at it. Okay? And often these missiles miss, so you have to throw two or three missiles at it. Okay? So, you you're spending two to $3 million on each $50,000 that the spend. That's kind of silly. Second thing you'll notice is that this thing is really big and really slow and therefore you can't really move it around. Therefore, it's pretty easy for the Iranians to spot where this is and attack it. And when these planes blow up, that's a lot of money, guys. Okay? Then you're like, "What? But this makes no sense. You know, the Iranians have drones. They've had drones for like 10 years. You've also seen drones used in the Russia Ukraine war to devastating effect. Why don't the Americans know this? Why did they prepare? Okay. And again, it has to do with military military doctrine because military doctrine determines how you fight a war. It determines on your bureaucracy and it and it determines how you spend your resources. Okay? And unfortunately, the Americans are used to fighting something called the cold war, right? And the cold war you can actually fight the war. You can actually use uh kill each other because then you people use nuclear weapons. The cold war was about flexing. Flexing. Okay, you see how big and powerful I am? Okay, that's all it was. These weapon systems are designed to scare the crap out of you. They are designed to impress you and as a result, they cost a lot of money. They don't do anything. All right, so that's the entire American military. It costs a lot and it doesn't really do anything and it's not resilient. It's not innovative. It's not open. All right. Also, the other thing I have to say this, okay, is if you look at the American military, it's corrupt. So, this is really about corruption. So, the Americans don't really care about winning a war. What they care about is spending as much money as possible because then they get a cut. It doesn't make sense, right? And that's why the Americans are in situation as they are. All right, let's continue. All right, so um something that people don't really talk about, but you need to understand it's the water issue in the GCC in the Middle East in Iraq. All right. So, um this is a map of the world and if you are like blue, Brazil, Canada, you have nothing to worry about because you have a lot of water, a lot of fresh water, very little population. All right? So, um 100% just means 100% water stress just means that you drink as much water as the environment produces. Okay. So, you want to be below 100%. To be sustainable. Ideally, you you you want to be at 10%. Okay. If it goes above 100%, it means that you are drinking more water, using more water than the environment actually produces. Okay? So, you're putting stress on the environment. So, 200% is really bad, right? Because you're you're using twice as much water as environment produces. Guess what, guys? Look at the Middle East. Okay, Egypt, 6,420%. Saudi Arabia, 883%. All right. Ban almost 4,000%. Dubai 17,000%. All right, these. So water is a huge issue. Again, it doesn't matter if Iran kills American soldiers, destroys American military. It doesn't have to do that. All it has to do is destroy the dissalination plants and then the GCC is destroyed. Okay. But it's also true that Iran has water issues. 72% is pretty bad. Okay. So even though the Iranians could destroy the GCC much faster than the Americans could destroy Iran, Iran is still in trouble. Okay. So so so let let me give you an example of this. This is like so sorry. So this is another map that shows you uh the issue of water scarcity. Okay. And it's just basically the Middle East. Okay. Their biggest issue in the future is water. Okay. And that's where the geopolitical tensions will rise in the future over water. India is also affected as well. Okay. All right. All right. So, let's look at the map, guys. This is called Lake Heria in northern Iran. It's the sixth largest saltwater lake in the world or it used to be. Okay. This is what it was in 1984. Th This is a shallow. This is a deep. Okay? You guys see that? It's really big, right? 20 years later, guys. This is what it looks like. There's no more water here. You can walk from here over to there. Okay, there's some water over here, but it's shallow now. That's how serious the water issue is in Iran. And that's the weak point that the Americans and the Israelis will attack. All right. They want to make sure that Iran has no access to fresh water which will cause devastation in their nation. Okay, that's strategy number one. Strategy number two is this. This is a map of the different ethnic minorities in Iran. As you can see, it's a very diverse place. In the center are the Persians, but you also have 10 other groups as well. And in the borderlands, it's basically a different country, right? Like these are basically different countries. And so these places have more common common areas with their neighbors than they do with Iran. Okay. So the second weakness of Iran, the first is the water. The second is the ethnic makeup of the country. So the strategy of the Americans and the Israelis moving forward is destroy Iran as a coherent nation state divided into ethnic archives and have them fight over water. That is the grand plan of the Israelis and the Americans. Okay. All right. This is this is this is the vision where Persia is limited and then all these other places are sponsored by the Americans and the Israelis. They're given money. They're given weapons. They're given political support. And then this war will wage over water forever. Okay? And this is how you destroy Iran and make sure Iran is no longer a viable threat to you. That is the plan of the Americans. Okay? As as you can see, it's pretty evil plan. And that's why they have not announced it, right? Because if you announce it, you're like, why are you doing this? What the Persians, what did the ever do to you to warrant you coming destroying their civilization? And the answer is nothing. Right? So the Americans will never admit they're doing this. But if you look at the map of war supply of ethnic um tensions, this is the optimal game game theory strategy for them to use against Iran. Okay, does that make sense? This is a long-term plan that they have in place and it's all moving towards this plan. But now the question then is how can the Iranians respond to this? And the answer is this. This is a map of the Muslim world. Okay. So the um light green are the Sunni people. Okay. That's 90% of the entire Muslim population about two two billion people. Okay. Then you have in dark green the Shia. So as you can see the main place of the Shia is Iran. Okay, Iran is one of the few Shia nations in the world. But you can also see from this map that Shia are spread throughout the world. Okay. And so the first thing that the Iranians want to do is create a jihad to unite all the Shia against American Empire. All right. So what they want to do is create a uprising and it's already happening guys. Um the Shia in Pakistan stormed the American embassy in Pakistan and the Americans killed a lot of people. Okay. the Shia have have attacked the American embassy in uh Iraq. The American embassy uh are being attacked in a lot of places. Right? So the first strategy is to create a international global jihad of the Shia against the American empire and it's already happening. it will continue for a long long term long time because the Americans have killed the um Kame okay and that requires vengeance. The other thing though is that it can unify the Muslim world. Okay, if you look at this map, most of the Muslim world is actually run by dictatorships that are not popular at all. Okay. And they're allowed to exist because they're like an empire, right? You go to Saudi Arabia, Egypt, uh Algeria, uh these places, they're all run by clients of American Empire, right? So if you rally the people who hate their governments and you overthrow them, then that makes Iran the leader of the the Islamic world. Not just the Shia world, but the Islamic world. This creates something called tax Islam. That is the end goal, guys. Okay? If you do that, then you don't have to worry about the Americans and the Israelis anymore. Right? So the Israeli game plan, the American game plan is to fracture Iran into ethnic enclaves and they'll fight over water for the rest of their lives and they all die. The Iranian game plan is to create a religious war, a crusade that unifies the Shia people that overthrows the American Empire and establish something called the Pax Islamaka. All right. All right. So again, the key is the GCC. All right. So the game plan is this. You have to destroy the GCC. Why? Because the GCC is the lynch pin of the American Empire. So what the GC does is it sells oil. sells oil and then for US dollars. Where does it put US dollars? It puts US dollars into the American stock market. All right. So this this is investments of the UAE, okay? Saudi Arabia and Kuwait into the US financial markets. As you can see from 2012 up to today, it's been exploding. All right? Because the US financial markets is one of the safest places where you can put your money. The intention is this. The intention is, hey, if I cut off oil and these countries no longer have access to US dollars, they're forced to spend whatever resources they have on protecting themselves. Okay? And then guess what happens? The stock market collapses. The summer collapses. The stock market is the real growth engine of the US economy. the entire US economy collapses with it. All right, there are about maybe seven companies in uh America that accounts for about a quarter of stock market growth. Okay, these seven countries, these seven uh companies of course are are AI companies. Nvidia, um um Microsoft, Google, Apple. Okay, these are the companies when and then these companies are heavily invested in by the GCC nations. So if these nations are long long no longer able to invest in the stock market, these companies will collapse in value and with that that would lead to economic depression in America. It doesn't make sense. All right, so that is the situation for today. Today was just an overview, guys. Okay, I know we covered a lot. I know there's a lot to take in, but over the next few weeks, we will explore each issue um in depth and really understand what's really going on. Okay? All right. So, any questions, guys? Any questions about what we've just learned? Okay. Um if other countries such as Italy, France, China or Russia they have also joined this war like what's the cause of they join the war because of oil or those resources. Okay, that's a great question. Okay, so I don't want to spend too much time on this question because we will explore this question as we move along. Okay. So the question is what brings the world into this conflict and the easy answer is um just oil access energy access okay they need to protect their energy supplies because remember uh it's a very complicated situation because Europe is now fighting Russia. So so Europe is not buying any oil resources energy resources from Russia. Therefore it depends a lot on the on the GCC. So the GC is not providing them energy then the Europe will go bankrupt. Okay. So Europe needs to enter this war on behalf of Americans. Okay. And then you Russia which cannot allow Iran to fall because if Iran falls then they'll come after Russia next. Right? China is actually neutral. China's okay with either scenario. But that's just the way that the Chinese system is set up. Okay. So we're going to explore this question as we move along. But it's a very complicated issue. All right. Okay. And each nation will have its own different strategic interests to consider. Right. And what we need to know what what we need to figure out is that this war in the Middle East is actually connected to to the Ukraine war. And as we move along, I'll show you how these two two things connect together. Okay. Any other questions, guys? Okay, great. So um we'll continue this discussion on Thursday.


=== t5oisJiorsU ===

we continue our discussion of the US Iran war that is happening right now. So um as you know I made the prediction that the United States will lose this war and last class we did an overview of the military and strategic position and today we're going to provide some theoretical framework for how to understand how this war will progress and why ultimately I believe the United States will lose this war. Today I present to you a very important idea in game theory. And once you understand this idea, then you understand why things will turn out the way they do. Okay? It's called a law of asymmetry. Okay? Law of asymmetry. And all this is saying is that the United States and Iran are not peers. They're not equals. United States is far stronger than Iran. And we should expect the United States to overwhelm and destroy Iran really easily. But the law of asymmetry states that that's usually not the case. It's usually the underdog that has the advantage and we see this from history all the time. Okay. So when the Persians in about 490 BC invaded mainland Greece against Athens and Sparta, Persia at this at that time was the first world empire. It had infinite resources, infinite manpower, infinite wealth, and it lost to the Greeks not once but twice. And and then the Macedonians under ex the Greek and they were like a tribal army, not a very large army. They were able to go into Persia and Persia at the time was basically most of Eurasia and conquered [snorts] it in about 10 years time. The Romans started off as a tribal people which then built the Mediterranean Empire. Then you have the Aztecs. You have so the Vikings. So this happens a lot in human history. A people in the borderlands, a tribe, a small ethnicity are able to conquer a great empire. And the law of asymmetry tells us why. Okay. So, I'm going to go over uh very slowly in detail how this law symmetry asymmetry works. [snorts] All right. So, um let's look at an empire. And there are three major advantages to an empire. All right. The first is mass. This just means that they have a lot of people. Okay? They almost have an infinite amount of people. United States has a population of about 350 million people. But remember the United States can also draw on the populations of its allies which includes the five eyes, the angles but also includes Europe. It also includes uh East Asia, South Korea, Japan. Basically wherever the Americans have a military base, right? So most of the world are either allies of the United States or vassels of the United States. So the United States can basically draw on in billions and billions of people for its wars. Okay. So it's mass. Second is this idea of organization. Organization just means a hierarchy of bureaucracy scientific technology. Okay. Science and technology. which leads to the most advanced weaponry. Okay, so think about the United States, how they fight this war. They have these satellites that provide for precision targeting. They have these um airplanes, these B2 bombers, F-15s that are the most advanced um weaponry ever in human history. Okay, so organization. The last great strength of the empire is that he of death. Death is the idea that because your people are infinite, because your organization is so strong, because your resources are so vast, you can afford to lose many, many wars. Okay? It's not a big deal. United States loses this war in Iran. If they want to go back, they can go back with even more soldiers, even more um weaponry because their wealth is infinite. Okay, so these are the three major advantages of an empire. And in theory, because of these advantages, an empire should be invincible and eternal. But we know for a fact that all empires fall and they fall very, very hard. And quite honestly, they don't last a very long time. maybe 28 years, maybe 300 years for most empires. That's not a very long time. So, we need to better understand what's going on. Okay. Why is it that an empire with these vast resources, they all fall in 20 years, 30 years. Okay. All right. So, um what we need to understand is that all these advantages are ultimately disadvantages in the long term. All right. Right? So let let me explain what I mean. Match you have a lot of people. Okay? When you have a lot of people, you create a lot of inequality. Why? Because there's competition for resources. There's too many people. Okay? And this often leads to debt and slavery. And as a result, your people become complacent, lazy, indifferent. They're competing against each other. They really don't like the government. Okay? So, they're not that really that motivated to do anything to work or to fight wars, but especially to fight wars. So, this mass looks like looks like an advantage in the beginning, but over time it becomes a disadvantage. Right? Organization um means an elite. The problem with this is that over time the elite become parasites. Why? Because the way the way they make their money is through rent seeking. Rentseeking just means that you have power and you seek to monetize your power by exploiting the mass. All right. So basically landlords are a classic type of ransicking elite and so they don't really work but they make a lot of money because they own the land because they control all the resources because they control all the capital and that forces the mass to go into slavery to go into debt which is what's happening in America today. The problem with this is that everyone everyone wants to be part of the elite and there are too many elite over time. Okay. So even though you have elite have many many kids the uh power is a zero sum game it's a hierarchy and so this leads to the idea of elite over production okay elite over production this is a term um coined by the historian Peter Turin okay and his theory is that you have turmoil you have wars for example the French revolution for example uh the follow the woman Roman Republic because there's too many elite and they start wars to accumulate power for themselves. Okay. So this organization, this elite leads to basically factionalism or infighting. And that's what's happening in America today where the Democrats and the Republicans they hate each other. They refuse to get along. It leads to political polarization. Okay. So another saying this is that an empire over time becomes insular. They don't care about what happens outside the world. All they care about is what happens in Washington DC and as a result um they make a lot of stupid mistakes. Okay. All right. Now last thing is death. Okay. The problem with death is that if there are no consequences to your actions, you become arrogant, you become lazy, uh, and you become incompetent. Okay? Because you don't care. It doesn't really matter. This leads to the idea of hubris. Okay? Hubris is just blindness to your own arrogance. a violent arrogance that makes you make silly mistakes, but you don't recognize your mistakes and you keep on repeating the same mistakes over and over again, right? So yes, it seems like the empire is invincible, but if you actually think about it, the empire its advantages becomes over time its disadvantages which will lead ultimately to its downfall. Okay. So the mass leads to inequality. The organization leads to o over production which leads to factionalism. And death leads to hubris. That's why an empire must fall over time. But an empire cannot fall by itself. It needs an enemy that forces it to collapse. Okay? And so what happens is that an enemy will emerge that will um overwhelm the empire because it is able to take advantage of the weaknesses of the empire, right? And so what are the weaknesses of this empire? Well, the first major weakness of this empire is that the people aren't really motivated. So if you as people are really motivated, you have a huge advantage. Okay, we call this energy. Right now as an organ as an empire you become insular. You refuse to omit your mistakes. You refuse to learn from others. Well, if you are willing to omit your mistakes, if you're willing to learn, if you're willing to um promote the best and brightest, if you're willing to meritocratic, you have a huge advantage. Okay? And so this idea of openness Now the last idea is this an empire it's fractured. So if you're able to m maintain cohesion if people are able to remain united if they're able to have a common purpose they'll be strong. Okay. So if an enemy of the empire emerges with these three qualities energy openness and cohesion this enemy will defeat the empire. It doesn't make sense. Okay. So, what I want you to focus on as you follow the news in this war between United States and Iran is ask yourself a question. Will Iran become an energetic, open, and cohesive society? Because if it does, it will become invincible. The empire won't change because of hubris. It's too static. It's too stagnant. It's too bureaucratic. So, the empire won't change. the empire will not omit its own mistakes. And quite honestly, Iran because it's a it's a still a country of 92 million people. It still suffers from issues of mass organization and death. And so if it's able to transform itself into an energetic, open co society, then it will triumph over America. That is the fundamental question in this war. Okay? Don't worry about America, its technology. Don't worry about the economy. Don't worry about these things. Okay? Just wor ask yourself one question. Is Iran transforming as a society? Are people becoming much more motivated. Are people in Iran learning from their mistakes and innovating and becoming resilient on the battlefield? Are the Iranians sticking together as a people? Okay, because if the answer is yes to all three questions, then Iran will win and America will lose. Okay, doesn't make sense? All right, so that's just a theory. So let's um let's now [clears throat] talk specifically about America and Iran. Okay. So, America will have three major advantages in this war. Okay. These three advantages are are of course technology, propaganda, and money, wealth. These are the three major strengths of the American empire. All right. Technology is just what you see every day, right? The satellites that are able to position target these airplanes that are the greatest war machines in the world. Okay. So, America is home to the greatest scientists, the most advanced weaponry. Okay. That's just technology. Propaganda means that America controls information space. It controls the internet. It controls the world's most powerful media including the New York Times, CNN, BBC. It controls YouTube. It controls Google. It controls information landscape. America does not want you to know something. It can hide it from you. America can control the discourse. It can control how you think about the world. That's propaganda. The last thing is money. Okay. And it's very simple idea. The United States controls the US dollar which is a s which is the reserve currency of the world. And the United States can print as much as much US dollars as it needs in order to win this war. It has an infinite money printer. Okay. And now and then it can use this uh money to bribe people to fight this war. Right. It can it can pay for mercenaries. It can bribe ethnic minorities to rebel against the government in Iran. It can bribe Iranian officials to betray the the government. Okay. So looking at these three things, you would think that America is invincible, right? But again, we need to think about the laws asymmetry and recognize that these advantages are also disadvantages. All right? So let's discuss this technology. Well, you know, if you have the most advanced weaponry in the world, you become lazy, arrogant and dependent on the technology, right? So the classic example of course is our school where you have access to chat GPT, right? And like you become smarter because you have access to G chat GPT. No, you become dumber because you become lazy, right? Same with technology. You would think that with the most advanced weaponry in the world, America will become invincible. But instead, people become the American um military becomes too dependent on the on the technology. It becomes too arrogant, too complacent. Okay? It's like, well, you know, if we if we get in trouble, then we'll just send in the Air Force and blow everything up. Okay? So it leads to dependency and this actually hampers innovation and resilience in the battlefield and this is what you need to win. Okay, you need to be innovative and you need to be resilient on the battlefield but because of technology you become too lazy to think for yourself. All right, so that's one problem. propaganda. You would think that, oh, America, America control the debate, therefore that's a huge advantage. It's actually not an advantage, guys. The reason why is that in order for innovation and resilience to happen, you need you need to have open debate, right? You need people to voice dissenting opinions. But if you control the information landscape, what you can do is sensor. And that's what America's doing right now. It's telling people to shut up and obey. You're not allowed to point out that this war is stupid and America can't win this war. Otherwise, you'll be kicked out. Okay? So, this means that there's really a lack of rigorous debate within the American government, within the American military, with the American elite, which of course will lead to hubris. It will lead to bad decision-m. No one's no one will point this out because too they're too afraid of pissing off the president and his people. So just shut up and America will keep on making the same mistakes over and over again. Okay. We call this drink drinking your own cool way. Okay. Okay. They're basically getting high on on their own supply is another phrase that that we use. All right. Money and wealth. Yeah. You would think, okay, well that's THIS IS THIS IS IT, MAN. We just brought everyone. We just brought the entire world and uh we're good, right? The problem is this. The problem is that if you bribe people, they're not going to fight for you, right? Because all they all they want is your money. So you bribe them, but then but they'll probably take your money and run away. Okay? Or they'll figure out how to get more money out of you by cheating you. So, right now, the Americans are going to fund these uh militias and ethnic minorities and opposition groups against Iran. Okay? Guess what, guys? These guys are hustlers, right? They're not fighting because um they want more freedom. They're fighting because they want to rip off the US government. And so this money issue can be a problem in the long term because the people you're bribing you can't even trust and they're not that motivated to actually win this war for you. They're actually motivated to to scam you as much as possible and they could be actually a problem in the long term because you're putting so much resources into these hustlers. Okay. All right. So what this means is that America has three major problems. Okay, it has three major problems. The first major problem is the lack of political will. And all this is saying is that the American people don't want to fight this war. The American government doesn't even know why they're fighting this war. No one cares. Okay? But for the Iranians, it's a struggle of life and death, right? If America loses this war, they just go home and forget about it. But the Iranians lose this war, they all get killed or they lose their country, they lose their society, they lose their civilization, they lose identity. They cannot afford to lose this war. Okay. So the first major problem that Americans are facing is they don't have any political will to fight this war but they're still fighting this war anyway. Okay. The question of course is why why why is this happening? This is actually the most important question and the most complicated. So so so we'll save this for later. Okay. Second is the idea of logistics and manufacturing. So, America is very good at fighting short wars. Okay. The reason why is they're advanced. They have the most advanced weaponry, but they have manufacturing issues because as we know, America ship all its factories to China. So, America doesn't have that many factories. So, yes, it has most advanced weaponry in the world. But this weapon doesn't doesn't do any good if you don't have any ammunitions, right? you don't have any munitions, bombs, bullets, and you need factories for that. America doesn't really have these factories. Now, I understand that America is trying to is trying to upgrade its manufacturing capacity, but it's kind of slow. All right. So, maybe 5 years from now, it will have manufacturing capac capacity to fight this war, but right now it doesn't. So, that's so that's another um major issue. Okay. And then and then the last issue of course is casualties. All right. America because it doesn't have the political will to fight this war cannot afford to lose soldiers on the battlefield. All right. So it wants to minimize the death. It was minimized battlefield losses because if like a thousand tens of thousands of American soldiers are going home to America dead in coffins, I guarantee you because of lack of political will, the American people will revolt. You have protest. You will have um a lot of violence in the streets. It'll be like the Vietnam uh era again. All right. Okay. So, um, yes, I understand that America has technology, propaganda, and money, but as we discussed, these aren't really advantages. And these disadvantages are huge. The lack of political will, the lack of manufacturing, and the um lack of um of America cannot afford to lose that many soldiers in the battlefield. Okay? And so this this situation now determines how America will fight this war. And we'll discuss this later on. Okay. All right. Now, let's about [clears throat] Okay. [clears throat] So, a ran has a lot of disadvantages. Okay. But I I I want to discuss right now there are three major advantages that they need to emphasize if they are to survive this war. All right. The first is the idea of faith. All right. So remember that the Iranians are Shia and as such it's a religion of martyrdom of esquetology of individual sacrifice for the greater good. The Shia are not afraid to die. And because their great religious leader, the Alatona Kinai was assassinated by the Americans and Israelis, they are motivated to seek vengeance, to martyr themselves for the greater good, to seek eternal uh paradise. Okay, jihad. All right, that's the first major advantage. The second major advantage is terrain. [clears throat] And all this means is that [clears throat] Iran is a mountainous country and it's huge. It's three times the size of Iraq. Um, so it's very hard for America to invade the country. In fact, most analysts will will say will tell you it is suicidal for the American military to invade uh Iran. It is a mountain fortress. Okay, it's a fortress. And the last issue is the last event is nationalism. Okay. All right. [clears throat] So, the Iranians are Persians and the Persians go back 5,000 years. It is one of the greatest civilizations in human history. And as we discussed last semester in the ancient world, there were three great civilizations, right? The Jews, the Greeks, and the Persians. And u the Persian culture, it's vast, it's beautiful, and it's deep. And that's what gives the Iranian people a lot of pride. Okay? So when they're fighting, they're not just fighting for the religion, not just fighting for the homes, they're fighting for the entire civilization that goes back 5,000 years. Right? So these are the three major advantages that the Iranians have. Okay? Fate means that they're not afraid to die for what they believe in. Terrain means that the Americans who have a hard problem invading the country. Uh nationalism means that the people of Iran know what they're fighting for. All right. So, but again remember ebing that it seems like an advantage can be a disadvantage as well. All right. So, [clears throat] let's go over what the problems are with faith. You might have an issue of blindness. Okay. or zealatry where you're not afraid to die, but that means that you're not thinking strategically. Okay? Maybe you're going to waste too many soldiers on the battlefield. They're brave, but they're kind of stupid as well. All right? So you might have an issue where Iran is not using the optimal um strategy because [clears throat] their soldiers are not afraid of death. And we're already seeing that where the Americans have already blown up and destroyed the Iranian navy. Now any told you that the first thing Americans would do is go destroy the Iranian navy. So you should probably not use the navy or hide the navy or blow up the navy yourself. Okay? because you want to avoid as many casualties as possible. But they didn't do that and they and the Americans have now destroyed the Iranian navy. All right? So that's the issue of faith terrain. Yeah, it's a fortress but it can also be a prison, right? Where you're just sort of stuck there and because it's a mountainous region, it doesn't have that many resources. So Americans can actually disrupt your water supply, disrupt your electricity, okay, and cause general poverty and hardship for your people. Okay? And then nationalism. Yes, Persia is a great culture, but remember that Iran is a ethnically diverse country. In fact, only 50% of the population of Iran are Persians. Others are different minorities. Okay. All right. So, um you have then ethnic divisions, right? Okay. So, looking at this now, we know exactly what the American strategy will be. Basically, the strategy will be to inflict as many casualties as possible on the Iranians. All right? To kill as many people as possible, destroy the infrastructure of Iran of Iran so that the people don't have enough water, electricity, food to survive. Okay? And the third of course is to create as much ethnic tension in the country as possible by arming and encouraging and bribing ethnic groups to rebel against central government in Tran. Right? Okay. But again, what the law of symmetry, asymmetry tells us is that the empire ultimately is not as flexible and open and dynamic as its enemy. Okay? The weaker person is going to engage in much more self-reflection, self-debate than the empire. Okay? Because empire will become arrogant. And so ultimately Iran should triumph over America. And in fact, what's going to happen is that this strategy that America will use against the Iranians will lead to Iranians becoming much more energetic, open, and cohesive. Okay. So let's look at let's look at let's look at American strategy specifically. H. [clears throat] All right. So, this is an ethnic map of Iran. Okay. Now, certain things that you will see is how divide the country is. Yeah. The Persians are in the center, but people you want to watch are the Kurds. Okay. The Kurds and the um Azaris. and the bollocks. Okay, these are the three major problem areas for Iran and it's always been the case. Remember the Persians are in the middle. So the Bllocks are first of all Sunni Muslims. As we discussed last class, the Sunnis and the Shia have never really gotten along well together. They have different I mean the same religion uh Islam but they have different belief systems that's led to a lot of conflicts in the past. It's almost like the Catholics and the Protestants. Okay. And so the Bulock have been trying to rebel against Iranians for a long time. I guarantee you that there are already Israeli and American special forces embedded in this area. Okay. The reason why is that they want to encourage as much civil conflict as possible, but they also want to prepare the graph the possibility for a ground invasion of America. Okay. So, they would need a um [clears throat] forward operating base and this area could be a very good place for a beginning of a land of of a land invasion. Then you over here you have the Kurds. Okay. The Kurds are another minority that seeks national sovereignty. And right now what's happening is that the Americans and Israelis are bombing this area heavily and they're targeting police stations. Why? Because they're trying to reduce and eliminate opposition so that they can arm the Kurds and have them come into this area and and threaten um Iran. What's also happening is that in Iraq there are these Sunni uh groups, okay, that the Americans are uh basically bribing and arming and they're basically fanatics, okay? They're ISIS and what the Americans want to do is send them into uh Iran to cause as much problem as possible. Okay. Then you over here you have Azaran. Abrajan. It is a independent country. What's really odd is that the majority of ethnic uh Azaris are actually in Iran. 60 6% are in the country 40% are in the country of Azaran. Which means that from the perspective of the Arabian people, this war could be an opportunity to reunite the people, okay, and create a greater Azure. So these are the three problem areas that you have to watch as this war develops over the next few weeks, over the next few months. Okay. So we already know what the American strategy will be because we've seen it in Libya, in Syria before. Okay. So what is the strategy? All right. So again, the strategy is to both attack without, okay, from outside and inside as well. So what you're going to do is this. You're going to arm these people in em inbed special forces into these inserting groups to lead them and provide air cover so they have a clear path into Iran and are able to eliminate opposition. Okay. All right. So now you're attacking from without attacking from within means to cause as much pain and suffering in the interior of Iran as possible. All right. And how do you do that? Well, you do that through um decapitation. Okay, let's go over the strategies. Okay, decap decap decapitation. Okay, and what you're doing is you're removing the elite, okay? Or what we call command and control. Okay, you're basically limiting the capacity of Iran to govern itself, to have a leadership, to have an elite, right? Command and control. Okay, so that's the first strategy. Second strategy is um um area of environment, okay, aerosmreacy. >> [clears throat] >> So again, America has the most advanced airplanes in the world. And the way that it's using its airplanes is to destroy as much military installation as possible, but it's also engaging in acts of sabotage. Okay? So what they're doing is they're cover bombing. Okay? So they're carpet bombing Tran. Okay? um they're doing soft targeting. Soft targeting. Soft targeting means that instead of attacking military installations, you attack hospitals. Why? Because you're degrading the capacities uh sorry, you're degrading the state's capacity to rejuvenate itself to be resilient. Okay. The last thing is something called double tap. Double tap is this. Okay. Uh and it's really illegal uh or against um international law. What you do is this. You attack a place, right? You kill some people and then people try to come and help the people who are injured and it could be like um doctors, it could be emergency emergency personnel, it could be relatives, right? And then you strike again to create as much as many civilian casualties as possible, right? And the entire idea is to create as much fear and anxiety in people as possible so that they lose the capacity to resist. All right. And [snorts] the last thing you do um [clears throat] and so the and the last thing of course is to um arm and bribe [clears throat] insurgents. Okay. So these are the three main pillars of the American strategy and you will see this over the next few weeks. The problem [clears throat] with this is that when you do these three things, you're not actually hurting the Iranians, you're actually helping them. Because remember the law of asymmetry states that whichever group is able to to create energy, openness, and cohesion will win. And guess what guys, this American strategy is going to create a more energetic, more open and more cohesive person society. All right, let me show you how. All right, the decapitation. We just said that one major problem for America is elite over production, right? Well, with the countation, what you're doing is you're solving this problem for the Iranians, right? Before the huge problem for the Iranians were, you have too many leaders and they all have their own stupid opinion and they all want to lead this war, right? But by killing so many leaders, you allow for more mobility, for more for more meritocracy, right? you're solving the problem of over production for the radiance. That's a huge huge bonus guys. Okay. So, um the leadership will become much more lean, much more mean, much more determined and much more strategic. Okay, that's number one. Number two, aeros supremacy. Well, when you do this to people, when you cover bomb tan, you're creating a more cohesive society. Why? Because the major conflict in Iran for many decades was the conflict between the urban areas and the rural areas. The rural areas were very religious, very poor, very backward. And the urban areas were educated, secular and progressive. Okay? And so there's this huge conflict that led to a lot of riots, a lot of protests in uh Iran. But when you cover ball the cities which are the main source of of of support for you know progressive western policies you make them united with the rural areas. Okay does that make sense? The Iranian people no longer see themsel each other as enemies. They see the Americans as enemies. You create a much more cohesive society which are who are willing to fight together and that's a problem. Okay. All right. The last thing you Yes, you are arming the insurgents, the bulocks, the Kurds, the Zaris. Okay, that's fine. The problem with this is that you are now activating, galvanizing Persian nationalism, right? For the longest time, the Persian national identity was suppressed by the theocracy because they want to create a more, you know, they want to create a grand religion that unites all ethnicities. When you turn the other minorities against the Iranians, then the Persian people have to come together and remember their history, celebrate their identity. And this is the key, okay? Once the Persian people are able to activate their long-lasting memories, go back in the past and remember the greatness, they come together as an energetic, open, and cohesive society. Okay? So, yes, the Americans have this strategy that worked in Libya and Syria and other places, but it's not going to work in Iran. In fact, it's going to do the opposite in Iran. Okay. And then you're like, well, why don't the Americans not do this? And I already told you because it's an empire, okay? It doesn't care about Iran. It cares about itself. And so, it's sort of stuck with this policy because remember, it's trying to win this war as quickly as possible because it doesn't have the manufactured capacity to fight this war for a long time. It's trying to reduce as many civilian cas sorry. It's trying to reduce as many casualties among its soldiers as possible because the Americans don't have the political will to fight this war. America is trying to win this war cheaply and fast. If it doesn't, then Americans in a lot of trouble. Okay, does that make sense, guys? All right, let me now um conclude or sorry, let let me now discuss the Iranian strategy. Okay. So, um, what the Americans are using is a classic strategy called siege warfare. Okay. And so, what the Iranians are going to do is they're going to respond with a classic strategy called guerilla warfare. Okay? And gorilla warfare, guys, it's just simple. Hide and seek. All right? So, you come bomb me with all everything you have, I'll just hide in my mountains. And then when you leave, what what I'm going to do? I'm going to attack your uh GCC countries. I'm going to lob drones, rockets at you. I'm I'm lo um rockets at Israel, okay? I I I don't have I don't have to strike that hard. I just have to make I just have to be a pain in the ass, okay? Because then what happens is you're forced to come back and bomb the living hell out of me. But guess what? I was hide my mouth again. It's hide and seek. Okay? So Iran can do this for years and years and years. But again, remember America is forced to win this war as fast as possible because there is no political will. They don't have much manufacturing capacity and they uh don't want to uh they don't want that many casualties and economic damage. Okay? Does that make sense, guys? All right. So that's all Iran is going to do. Iran is just going to be a pain in the ass. Okay? A pain in the ass. It's trying to create as much economic damage as possible. is trying to create as much fear as possible, right? Which will force America to attack. The grand question is this, will America launch a ground invasion? Okay? Because if it does, then um they've lost the war. Okay? All right. Because look look at look at Iran. Okay? Mountains and mountains, deserts. It is impossible to occupy this country. All right. It is impossible to invade. And what they want to do is be so such a pain in the ass to commit so much guilt warfare that America is forced to invade. Okay. from over here and from over here and from over here and from over here and then eventually uh but the problem is that America doesn't h does not have the resources the political will the manufacturing capacity to fight this war okay doesn't make sense right so now you're like okay I understand all this but why the hell is this war happening then if I can tell you this okay I'm sure that their generals can tell them this as well I'm sure that they know that this was the case. In fact, for years, America has been planning to invade Iran. And for years, the general was like, "No, that's suicidal. Let's not do this." Okay. So, why is this happening? And unfortunately, we don't know because the administration is not telling us. At first, Trump is like, "Oh, because the nuclear talks didn't go well." We know for a fact that the Iranians were willing to agree to all terms of the Americans. And then Marco Rubio, who's who's the secretary of state, he came out yesterday. He he said something really moronic. He said that why did we attack Iran? Because we heard the Israelis were going to attack first. Then Iranians were going to respond by by attacking both the Israelis and us, the Americans. And therefore, we have to preempt this really by attacking first. That's just  Okay. Right. So, they don't they don't know why they're doing this. But there has to be a reason, right? Okay. Well, a clue is this. A clue is this. The soldiers are being asked, the American soldiers are being asked to fight this war. And again, no one knows why this war is happening, but there's reporting that the generals are telling the soldiers, "This is a war for Jesus. This is a war to create the second coming of Jesus." Okay, this is um John Larson and he's writing this on on selfstack. Okay, US troops were told Iran war is for Armagen, the return of Jesus. What is this? All right. So, um, so sorry. So, um, some soldiers who are not Christians were told that there's a war for Jesus and like, wait a minute, we're not we're not Christians. We're Muslims or we're atheists. Why are we fighting this war? And so, they file complaint about this speech. Okay. and we're going to read a part of this email that the soldiers who are desenting sent to some other people to complain about this. Okay. So, um I could could you read please? >> Yeah, sure. >> I am a NCO rank withheld in our unit. This morning, our commander opened up the combat readiness status briefing by urging us to not be afraid as to what is happening with our combat operations in Iran right now. >> Stop. Okay. Afraid. That's what it tells us they're losing the war. >> Okay. Right. Keep on going. >> He urged us to tell our troops that this was all part of God's divine plan. And he specifically >> Wait a minute here. Wait a minute. God's divine plan. God's not the one ordering them to fight this war. It's Trump or or the American military. Okay, this is kind of weird. Keep on going. And he specifically referenced numerous citations out of the book of Revelation referring to Armageddon and the imminent return of Jesus Christ. He said that President Trump has been anointed by Jesus to light the signal fire in Iran to cause Armageddon and mark his return to earth. >> Oh my god. President Trump, the fire in Iran, it's all part of a grand plan to destroy the world so that Jesus will return. What is this craft? Okay, keep on going. >> He had a big grin on his fa on his face. >> He's happy about this, guys. THE WORLD IS ENDING. YEAH, [screaming] KEEP ON GOING. >> When he said all of this, which made his message seem even more crazy, our commander would probably be described as a Christian first supporter. He has been this way for a very long time and makes it clear that he desires all of us under him to become just like him as a Christian. But what he did this morning was so toxic and over the line that it shocked many of us in attendance at the ops reinous brief briefing. Beside besides myself, I am reaching out to MRFF on behalf of 15 fellow troops. I know you asked me about the religious views of our group who has requested help from the MRFF. I can only tell you that I am Christian and at least 10 of the others are also Christians. One of the others is Jewish and one is one is Muslim. I don't know the religious or non-religious status for the other three at this time. >> Okay. So, what is happening is that there are some crazy Christians in the American military in American government, okay, that want to use this war to end the world to force Jesus to return. That is why this war is happening. Okay? I'm not saying I'm not saying that this is a reason why, but I'm saying like this is a possibility, okay? All right. This is Trump and these all religious leaders that support Trump because they see him as Messiah. They they see him as this as this great hero who will cause the time of Christianity and the return of Jesus. [music] And that's a possibility as to why this war is being fought. Okay? Because quite honestly, there's no other reason. It's hard for me to come up with another reason. Okay. All right. So, this is something that we will look at as we go along. What is this crap? What is Christian Zionism? Why would they think that this war in the Middle East will cause the return of Jesus? Okay, we'll we'll discuss this later on. But I wanted to but now it leads us to another problem which is our entire class is on game theory. Right guys, this is kind of weird because [snorts] what this suggests is that religion [applause] is more important. Okay, so what's the point of game theory if people don't play by game theory? If all if they're just religious fanatics. All right, and the answer is this. And the answer is it's still game theory. But the problem is that what you think of the game that you think they're playing is not the game they're playing. The reward that you think they want want is not the reward they that they want. Okay? We think in terms of material things. Okay? So money, resources, power, we think that the war is being fought over these things and it's not. All right. The grand secret, the grand reveal all the semester, all this course is this. The real power, the real currency in the world is not money. It is human consciousness or basically attention. Okay, this is this is it guys. Okay, once you understand this idea, you understand everything. But this is a hard idea to understand. So So I I'll need some time to actually explain this. All right. This war is being fought to control the consciousness of the human race because it is our consciousness that creates reality itself. That's the source of all wealth and all power in this world. Okay, that's why this is happening. In other words, this is a war not just for Iran. This is a war not just for the Middle East. It is a war for the soul of humanity. This is what's happening, guys. All right? This is what World War II is. World War II is meant to be the last and final war of all human history. Because whoever win this war will control the very soul of human existence for all of eternity. Okay? That is the end game. And I know this is a hard idea to understand. But as we go along, I will explain this to you. Okay? That is the grand secret behind the world. Everything that you believe, everything that you see today, it's all an illusion. The reality, the truth is that consciousness is a source of all power of reality itself. And so this is a war for human consciousness. It's a war for the very soul of humanity. Okay, any questions? All right, I I will see you guys next week.


=== fz-Dan7NRss ===

We continue our analysis of the US Iran war. And in this war, there are three major questions that will determine the outcome of this war as well as the world afterwards. Okay. And these three questions are number one, will the US launch a ground invasion? So right now the United States and Israel are primarily focused on a air war striking um Iran from a distance. In the past we would call this siege warfare. And as long as it remains an ear war, the United States can choose to deescalate and withdraw from the Middle East. They would lose this war, but the loss would not be catastrophic. Whereas if they choose to launch a ground invasion, it would escalate very quickly and they would be trapped in Iran for the next 5 to 10 years. It would be a catastrophe whether or not they win or lose because in order to fight a ground war, United States would have to institute a national draft where a young man um as young as 18 would be forced to join the army and be sent to fight in Iran. Okay, so that's the first big question for us. Will the United States send in ground troops? Remember this. There's the idea of mission creep where maybe in the beginning you're like, I'll send out a,000 troops to do a small mission, but then it doesn't go well. So you send in 2,000. Okay, it slowly creeps up. It's what we call mission creep. That's how the United States embroiled itself in Vietnam. All right, so that's the first big question. Second big question is, will nukes be used? There's a lot of concern online that Israel is preparing a nuclear strike on Iran because the Israelis don't like how the world how how the war is going and they want to reclaim the initiative. Nukes are a taboo in geopolitics. The Americans used them at the end of World War II and no one's used them ever since. If Israel were to use tactical nuclear weapons, they would break this universal taboo and we might find ourselves in a nuclear apocalypse. Okay, so that's a great concern that everyone has right now. And the third question is the Alax mosque. This is the third holiest site in the Islamic world. There's Mecca, there's Medina, and there's the Alax mosque. The the Muslims believe that it is from the alaxic mosque in Jerusalem where Muhammad ascended to heaven and the Jews believe that the Alexic mosque sits on the site of their temple which is the house of God. So religious Jews, extremists want to destroy the Alexic moss to rebuild the third temple. And if the religious Jews, the extremists destroy the Azac mos, then the two billion Muslims in this world would be religiously obligated to go to war against Ishel. Okay. So these are the three big questions that um uh will determine how this war will determine the future of the world. Okay. So um in this class I teach you game theory to make predictions about the future. So right now I'm going to make three predictions. um and then I'm I will show you my analysis as to how I make these predictions. Okay? Now, what's what's important to understand is that these are only my guesses based on my analysis and whether or not they turn out correct will determine the validity of my analysis. I don't have inside information. I don't know more than you do. Okay? I'm just working out of public knowledge and doing game theory analysis. So according to game theory this is yes. United States will send in ground troops. According to game theory this is no. And number three is yes. Okay. So what I'm going to do is my next two classes explaining to you my game theory analysis as to how I come to these conclusions and we can watch how world events unfold. Now I want you to understand something which is that for my theory to be valid for my analysis to be valid. I have to be I have to be correct on all three. Okay? If I miss one then all my theory is wrong. Um, I know there's a lot of concern from around the world that nukes will be used and I am 100% confident that nukes will not be used at this time in this war. And if I'm wrong, I apologize to the world. Okay? But at the same time, we'll all be dead anyway, so it doesn't really matter. All right? Okay. All right. So let me explain my analysis. Okay. So remember today what I'm going to do is do number one and number two. Explain to you why Israel will not use new weapons and why there will be a ground invasion. And then next class I'll explain number three to you. Okay. That's a plan for this week. All right. So to understand what's going on, I need to I need to teach some basic geopolitical theory. Okay. So in military um affairs in geopolitics there's a concept called escalation ladder. Escalation ladder. Okay. And the dominant theory is that whoever has estrogen dominance has the most advantage. Okay. So, so what this means is let's just say you and I get in a fight. Okay, I have a knife. You have a gun. Well, gun is more dominant than a knife. Therefore, you have a greater advantage over me and therefore you should win in theory. Okay? And apply to this war in the Middle East. Israel and United States have escalation dominance because they have nuclear weapons and Iran doesn't. Therefore, the United States and Israel have a huge advantage over Iran. Okay? But what I will show you today is that this theory is incorrect. It actually doesn't work that way. Right? So, let's start off with very simple um example. Let's just say that two people get into a fight, okay? A and B. And how the escalation ladder will work is that maybe A and B run into each other. Okay? And then A says, "Hey man, say sorry." And then B is like, "It's not my fault. You say um sorry." Okay? So there's a conflict and it's usually a very small conflict. No one knows uh why and no one knows who's at fault. Okay? So they start cursing each other. Okay? So the first step is a conflict. Second step is they start cursing each other, right? Screw you. Screw you. And then they might start pushing each other, right? Push. Push. And then they hit each other. Okay. Punch. Punch. And then they start the fight. And then one pulls out a knife and the other pulls out a gun. All right. and then B should a fight over right okay so there are certain things that we need to keep in mind about this example first of all the fight is not contained in itself okay you cannot perceive this game as just one between A and B who's physically stronger there are other players involved as well okay so for example there are spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spe spectators or friends, there's a crowd watching you. Okay, this is important because there's also the police, right? Eventually the police will come um the government and they'll ask people, "Hey, what happened, man? Whose fault was it?" Right? And also for people who are religious, there's also God, right? If you die, you have to go up to God heaven and God's going to ask you, "Hey, man, how did you die?" So you have to explain how you died. All right? So in other words, in this escalation ladder, there's three factors that you have to consider that drive people up this escalation ladder. These three factors are of course emotions. Second uh is power and the third is reason or logic. Okay? And what drives people up is adrenaline. In other words, it is impossible to go to skip the escalation ladder, right? You don't go from like, "Hey, screw you." to like the guy pulling out a gun and shooting you, okay? You have to go step by step by step because adrenaline is rushing in your system. And this adrenaline, it's making you more angry, but it's also making you stronger and more resolved. And it's also telling you how to fight this battle. Okay? And the thing to remember about this is this is really important is that it's not about how fast you climb up the escalation ladder. Okay? If you get too angry and you overreact, then you are at fault, right? What you want to do is climb it up strategically. And that means you have to remain calm and controlled. Because if you remain calm, controlled, you have three advantages over your opponent. The first is um focus, second is clarity, and the third is um focus uh you you're clear and resolve. Okay, sorry. Resolve. Okay, what this means is like you know what you're doing. You have a strategy. You are clear about how to achieve your strategy and your goal and you are determined to achieve it. Okay. But in order to have all three, you have to remain calm. And therefore, you need to control yourself as you climb up this escalation ladder. Because remember, it's just not about being your opponent. It's about justifying yourself to your friends, to the police, and to God as well. Because you might hit that person, he might go to hospital, and you've won the fight, but then you go to you go you go to prison for 10 years, in which case you've lost the fight. Okay? All right. So the main idea I want you to remember is this and this is the law of escalation and this is a very important idea in my game theory model. Control is more important than dominance. Okay. Control is more important than dominance. Why? Because control is the idea of calibration. Calibration means that you time or you structure or you strategize your response in a way that helps you achieve your strategic objective. Okay? You're not just throwing punches. You're throwing a punch in a certain way that allows you to defend yourself that strikes fear in the opponent and also allows you to seem as the good guy among spectators. Okay? And then when the police come, you can justify why you threw a punch in a certain way to the police so that you don't go to jail. Okay? All right. So another way of saying this is that calibration is ultimately about strategic flexibility. And the idea of strategic flexibility is in a fight, the person who has the most options, the person who um has the most flexible strategy will usually win the fight. Okay. There's a lot of escalation and I'll explain to you how this applies to the US Iran war. Okay. All right. So before I actually talk about the war, what I what I want to do is do is what I want to do is do a thought experiment to examine how we can understand what's going on between United States and Iran. Okay. So let's do a thought experiment. And thought experiment is this. Let's just say that there's a bully. Okay. and he's the biggest guy in the school and he has a gang. Okay, these are his friends and there's like uh maybe four of them. And so what they do is they basically pray on everyone at the school. Okay? And there's maybe a hundred people at the school, right? And so what they do is they make everyone in the cafeteria pay a tax. Okay? If you want to go in the cafeteria and eat, you have to pay a tax. Maybe a dollar, who knows? Okay? And the friends of the bully go collect the tax and then give him all the money. Okay? And that is the structure of the school where if you want to eat lunch in the cafeteria, you have to pay a tax and the bully's friends collect the money and the bully shares the money among amongst his gang. Okay. Now, at first people are okay with this system because they think that it's actually beneficial because the bully is keeping the peace and order in that cafeteria, right? He's keeping everyone safe. So yeah, I pay a dollar, but it's not that much money and we're all safe so that we can all enjoy our lunch in peace in the cafeteria. Okay, but then what happens over time is that the bully gets more and more arrogant because he feels invincible. Everyone just obeys him. So he develops the idea of hubris. And the idea of hubris is that no one's no one has the courage to challenge me. Everyone's afraid of me and therefore I can do what I want. So what does he do? Well, the first thing he does is that he charges more money from everyone. Okay? So the tax goes up and so people are disgruntled about this. Okay? They they don't understand why they're paying more to the bully. Okay? But not only that, but what he will also do is pay less money to his friends so that he can have more money because he wants to buy a car or he wants to go to Paris for the summer. Okay, does that make sense? Okay. So, everyone's not happy about this, but but this the reality that they live in and there's nothing they can do about it and so people just put up with it. One day a new kid comes into the school. Okay, the new kid and he doesn't really understand the rules of the game. He goes to cafeteria and he doesn't know he's supposed to pay a tax, right? So the bully's friend comes over and says, "Hey man, where's where's the dollar?" And he's like, "What dollar? I just got here." And he refuses to pay. And so what they decide to do is teach him a lesson by ostracizing him, by making him sit alone by himself in the cafeteria. Okay? You have no friends because you don't know the rules and you refuse to play along. And the new kid is like, "I don't care. I'm happy not having any friends." Okay? And so then the bullying and his friends start to discuss, "How can we get this new kid to play along?" And so they decide what they're going to do is they're going to curse him. They're going to bully him. Okay? So the new kid goes to lunch and he's eating his lunch and the friends come down and start to curse him. Says, "You're a wimp. Do you want to fight us?" And what the new kid does is he just ignores the these these guys. And these guys are like, "What's going on, man? Why is he afraid of us?" And slowly what happens is that the other people, the other kids recognize that, wow, maybe it is possible to rebel against the bully. Maybe it is possible not to pay these stupid taxes. And so they start talking to him secretly. Okay? They give him presents. They start say smile at him. They say hi to him. Okay? But the new kid just ignores everything, right? And then the friends are like, "You know what? We don't actually benefit this much from this relationship anyway. Maybe if we appoint this new kid as the new bully, the new boss, he'll treat us better." And then you have other friends who are like, "You know what? This bully, he's he's fat, he's ugly. Maybe I should be the boss." Okay. So just because a new kid comes in doesn't know the rules and he's willing to challenge the reality, challenge the assumptions, the values of this cafeteria. Now there's descent. Now there's rebellion going on. Okay? And different people are talking to him and um trying to form alliances with him. But what he does, and it's really really interesting, is that he just ignores everyone and keeps focused. Okay. And then one day, um, the bully's friend comes over and says, "You know what? You're a whip." And the new kid finally says, "I'm not afraid of you." Okay. And then this friend goes back and tells his boss, "Hey, this new kid said, "He's not afraid of you, man. What are you going to do about it?" The new and the bully gets really angry. Says, "I'm going to go punch his face." Okay. So, the bully goes in front of Nuke and says, "If you don't apologize, I'm going to punch YOU IN THE FACE." And the kid is like, "What did I do wrong? What should I apologize for?" And the bully's kind of confused. So, he goes away, comes out next, AND SAYS, "YOU APOLOGIZE NOW, MAN." AND THE kid's like, "Okay, for what? Tell me tell me to apologize for what?" And this goes on for a long time, okay? And then eventually the bully gets so pissed off that he punches the new kid in the face. Okay, so he started it. The new kid he's he's he's um uh hurt, but he decides to punch the bully back in the face. Okay, and the bully stronger, so he beats the bully up. So he beats up the new kid. But what's happened now is that everyone in the school has seen that the bully is not that strong. everyone's seen that the bully is actually um pretty weak and so they recognize that hey if we stand alongside the new kid we can beat the bully. All right and eventually what happens is the bully is defeated. Does that make sense to you guys? All right. So certain things to understand is that yes, the bully has escalation dominance because he's stronger and he's the biggest kid in the school. He he can beat up everyone. But what wins the fight is control. What wins the fight is collaboration. Uh sorry, calibration, strategic flexibility. the fact that the new kid has many different options and he's picking the option that is most strategically advantaged to him. Okay. Now, and what you will notice from this example is the bully doesn't have that many options actually because he needs to maintain the idea of face or credibility. Right? This is the essence of his power. The his power lies in the fact that if you do not listen to him, if you not obey him, he will come and beat the crap out of you, right? That's credibility. And but the moment that you show that is that actually it's actually not that big of a deal to be punched by him. He's not that strong. Then he loses all credibility. Okay, which means that he either retreats or he's forced to strike harder to kill you. Okay, to maintain his credibility. So, another way of saying this is that um by calibrating your movements strategically, you can manipulate the bully into selfdestruction. Does it make sense, you guys? All right, any questions? Okay, so that's a theory. All right, so now what we're going to do is we're going to apply this theory, the law of escalation to what's happening in the Middle East. Okay, we're going to do that by looking at the escalation ladders of both Iran and the United States. All right. Okay, this is the US. This is Iran. Okay, so let's look at the escalation ladder. So the first thing that United States does of course is something called decapitation. What is decapitation? Decapitation is like I just kill your leaders. You don't have any more leaders and therefore you don't know what to do and therefore you surrender. Okay, that's the first thing the US did. It didn't work. So now the United States is doing is attacking military targets, air defense and military bases. Okay, that's the second second step. And the idea is that you beat the crap out of the military so they surrender. But that didn't work either. Okay. So then what you do next of course is economic embargo where you basically prevent Iran from trading with the world right prevent Iran from selling oil to China basically by blockading the seas and the idea here is that if the government doesn't have any money pay it soldiers it soldiers will just not fight okay but that didn't but that's not either. So then what you do of course is you attack civilian infrastructure, okay, which is primarily water and oil. So you may have seen the news that the Israelis attacked an oily pot in Tran. And now you look if you look at pictures of Tran, it's all black. Okay? And this is a war crime or this goes against international law because you're attacking civilians. That's but that's what you do when you feel as though you need to apply more pressure to win this war. Okay? And so you can keep on escalating. Um and then what you do is that now the now that you've attacked the civilians and they still refuse to surrender, what you do now is you use secret weapons. Secret weapons might be advanced missiles that no one's ever seen before. Okay? And the and the point of these secret weapons is to scare the crap out of people and say, "You see how dominant we are?" Okay? If that doesn't work, then what you do next is use biological and chemical weapons. Okay? Biochemical weapons doesn't work either. then guys nuclear weapons. All right. So what's really important for us to understand is that you must follow this escalation ladder if you are to use nuclear weapons. And the reality is that first of all we have not seen weapons. We have not seen biochemical weapons and therefore nuclear weapons comes later. Okay? Unless I see biochemical weapons being used, I refuse to believe that nuclear weapons is on the table. Okay. All right. So, I think we are here, which is the beginning of attacks on civilian infrastructure, but already we're seeing um arguments in the American political system against the use of um weapons against civilians. Okay? And the reason why is that if you do this, okay, if you destroy civil infrastructure, you unite the people behind the government because the idea is that you use air strikes to split apart the government and the people and you want the people to overthrow the government for you. Okay, that's that's the idea here. Um, so we are at this stage, meaning that we have a long way to go before we hit nuclear weapons. Okay. All right. So now let's look at the uh Iranian um escalation ladder. So what's happening is that in the beginning Iran does um um two major things. Okay. The first is attack uh military targets. Okay. And what they're basically targeting are US radar systems and air defenses because once these two things go then Iran can attack whatever it wants. Okay. It's also closed to moose. All right. And by closing the st you put pressure on the economies of the GCC as well as East Asia. The hope is that um by blockading the economies the GCC uh UAE, Saudi Arabia, Bahan, Qatar, Kuwait will put pressure on Donald Trump to end this war as quickly as possible. Also um East Asia receives most of its oil from the GCC from the Shumus, right? So China gets about 40% of its oil. Japan gets 75%. Um that's a lot of oil. So the hope is that these countries will put pressure on the United States to end this war as soon as possible. Okay? So that is the uh Iranian strategy. But if they're forced to go up the escalation ladder, what will happen is this. If you attack their economy, they will attack your economy as well. Okay? With missiles, basically targeting oil fields. If you attack their civil infrastructure, they will attack your civil infra infrastructure as well. And what is the main weakness in these GCC countries? Desalination plants. Okay, desalination plants. And that's it. Okay, that's the extent of the Iranian escalation ladder because it doesn't have nuclear weapons. It doesn't have biochemical weapons. Okay? It doesn't have intercontinental missiles that it can target the United States with. So as you can see, oh the US and Israel have escalation dominance because it can go up way up higher in escalation escalation ladder than Iran. But that's the wrong way to understand this. Okay? Because if you look at their strategies, Iran has much more flexibility, much more calibration than the United States. Okay? When the United States attacks you, it's pretty blunt. But look, if I close all the short moves, I can be strategic in how I close the show moves. For example, if you're a Chinese ship, I let you pass. For example, if you are a GCC nation and you want to bribe me, you want you want to pay me a tax, I let you pass as well. If you're a GC TCC nation, you're like, you know what, forget the United States. I want to be a friend Iran, I let you pass as well. You understand? So by closing all the swivel moves, it creates a calibration strategy. It allows Iran to selectively and strategically apply pressure to the friends of the United States so that they become the friends of Iran. Okay. Same thing with these drone strikes um against oil fields and military targets, right? If you attack me, I attack you with drones. But if you don't attack me, then I don't attack you. Okay? So in other words, okay, this is really important idea. The US and Iran have different military decision trees. Okay? All right. So let me explain how. Because United States and Israel, they're just attacking Iran. Okay. And they attack with air power. So that's very blunt, right? Okay. So you go from one step to the next to the next to the next. Okay. This is this the classic escalation ladder. Iran is not like this. Their decision tree is different. Okay? Because their strategy is to force United States to omit defeat and retreat from the GCC. Okay. To close down the military bases in the Middle East so that Iran has control over the surgical moves and therefore it can control all world trade. All right. So that's a strategy. So this strategy means that you have different options. All right. Your options are um attack Israel um your mil military targets civil targets Tel Aviv. Okay. All right. So I don't want to spend too much time on this but as you can see um if you think about it Iran can be much more selective in its targeting than United States and Israel and therefore the options that it has it is much more diverse which gives Iran escalation control over the situation. Okay. Do you guys do you guys do you guys understand this? All right. So, let's look at why Iran has uh advantages over the gas station. Okay. US Iran. The first major difference is that Iran is active whereas the US is passive. Okay. Another thing this is go back to the bully example where the bully has to maintain credibility. He has to show that he's more powerful than the other than the other kids, right? So if you provoke him, he has no choice in the matter but to hit you. Okay? But you the new kid can choose whether or not to provoke him or not. You can choose the timing of when to provoke him. Therefore, you are active. Okay. The second big difference is that Iran has a clear strategy. It knows what it wants to accomplish and uh it knows how to accomplish what it wants. Remember what what Iran wants is control the moose and the United States out of the Middle East. That's what it wants to do. And it's calibrating its attacks in a certain way to achieve this end goal and it's working out very well for Iran. Okay. The United States on the other hand doesn't know what it wants. It wants to destroy Iran. What does that mean? Okay, destroy. It could mean regime change. It could mean economy collapses. It could mean um the civilian population stars. Okay, it could mean anything. But because there's so much ambiguity, so much confusion about what it means, it confuses military strategy. Right? And the last thing is of course is that Iran is flexible and United States is inflexible. Okay. So by studying the escalation ladder we discover that Iran has far more advantages than the United States. Okay. All right. So what so what does this mean? All right. It means that Iran will probably win this war ultimately. But um it has there has to be major changes to society in order to win this war. Right? So remember to win a fight you have to have three things. Focus um clarity and resolve. All right. You have to know what your purpose is. You have to know how to achieve it and you have to have you have to be determined to achieve it. Okay. So, what does this mean for the Middle East? What does it mean for Iran? What first thing is focus means unity? Meaning that you have to unite your population which means basically crushing all descent. You can't we can't argue anymore. We have to unify for a purpose. Okay. The second thing clarity is to uh censor people. Censorship. And we're already seeing that in Israel where you're not allowed to film military strikes. Okay? If a drone comes and attacks Tel Aviv in Israel, you cannot film that and put on on social media. Okay? The government will come and arrest you. Same thing in Dubai. you cannot show uh Dubai being attacked. Okay, so massive censorship going on and resolve just means militarization where the Middle East moves towards total war. Total war just means that every citizen now is recruited into the war effort. It just means that the entire economy is geared towards um war. Okay. And um one last point I'll make is this. What we need to understand about the escalation ladder is that as it moves up, we have to remember that this war is being fought multi-dimensionally. Okay, what does that mean? It means that the military is just one dimension, but there are four major dimensions. There are others, but let's focus on four major dimensions. Okay, the first major dimension is narrative. Narrative is basically world opinion. Second um is political. Political just means the relationship of nations to each other. The relationship of the n of the government to the people. Okay. Political. The third dimension is economical economic and the fourth is military. And what's really important to understand is that the military dimension is probably the least important. There are other dimensions that are much more important. Therefore, these four factors determine how the United States and Iran move up the escalation ladder. Okay? Because your purpose is to control the narrative and justify why you're doing what you're doing. Uh political means you you still have to maintain good relations with other states, right? So as United States is fighting this war against Iran, United States is is still talking to China. United States is still talking to Russia. Okay. So that discussion that political discussion determines the contours of this fight. Economic means that as the fight is still happening, nations are still trading with each other and that factors into how the military is fought. Okay, does that make sense? So I know this is very complicated but you need you need to understand how complicated war is. It's not as simple as saying you know what let's nuke that guy. Doesn't work that way. Okay. There are a lot of constraints. There's a lot of factors a lot of stakeholders involved to constrain the use of nukes. Okay. All right. All right. So let's now discuss ground troops. All right. Right. The first question we look at is will ground troops be used and the answer unfortunately is yes. They have to be used and it has to do with how the military works okay of how wars are fought. Basically when you fight a war you have to have a correct cost pyramid. Okay. And the most simple cost pyramid, okay, is is this infantry soldiers, okay? All right. They're at the bottom. Why? Because they're the cheapest. What's above them? Armor. Okay. Artillery, tanks. They're more expensive to produce. You need more resources. You need more time. Then you have naval, right? Then you have ear. Okay, it doesn't make sense. This is the cost pyramid. And cost pyramid just is this question of like how much energy, how much time, how much resources do you need, do do you need to produce a certain product. Okay, it cost you very little to prod produce a soldier, but it cost you a lot to produce an airplane. This is important because wars are usually wars of attrition meaning that you have to put all your resources into winning the war. Okay. So this is just um production capacity and this is the most standard model that you have of a cost pyramid for a military war. Okay, does it make sense guys? The problem is that the United States have an inverse pyramid. Okay. Meaning that ear is what's dominant, then naval, then uh armor, then soldiers. You can't fight a war like this. I mean, the moment you choose to fight a war like this, you've lost the war because you either take out the country in like two days or you screwed over because you cannot replenish your forces. Now I I I know this is hard to understand but 1991 the Persian Gulf War, 2003 the Iraq war, these are not real wars, okay? Because the Americans were so dominant and Iraq was so weak that it was basically a video game. All right, this is these these pilots flying around is bombing everything. Okay, it's like guys and tanks just running over the ar the Iraqi army. Those were just video games. But this Iran thing is a real war and therefore you cannot fight a war like this. If you want to win this war, the only thing you can do is return to a realistic cost pyramid. You don't have a choice in the matter, right? Because again, your cheapest um product are soldiers, right? And your most expensive are airplanes. You cannot afford to use an airplane in order to site to save a life of a soldier. Eventually, this costbenefit analysis will blow up on you. Okay? Okay. Does that make sense, guys? All right. So, United States wants to win this war, then it has no choice but to use ground troops to use soldiers as the main force of its military. Any questions so far? All right. Okay. Now the question then is will the United States use ground troops? I already said that if United States is to win this war, it has no choice but to use ground troops. But will the United States use ground troops? And a lot is determined by the game theory strategies of the different players. Okay. So let's look at the four major players in this war. You have US, you have Israel, you have Saudi Arabia, and you have Iran. Okay. All right. So, United States and Iran, they're pretty easy to understand. What the United States wants to do is destroy Iran. Okay? Why? Because if you destroy Iran, United States would have complete control over Middle East oil and it would control global trade for the straight of humus and therefore the United States can maintain its empire. Okay, so a really simple objective, let's destroy Iran. We don't care how, we don't care why, let's just go do it. Okay, Iran has another strategy which is control straight moose and destroy sencom. Sencom is basically uh the American military in the Middle East called central command. Okay. So those those are two major military objectives of Iran and we can understand why because if sitcom is destroyed Iran has complete control over the Middle East. Now Dubai, now uh Oman, Ban, Kuwait have to pay taxes to Iran. Now Iran, the new kid is now the bully of the Middle East. Right now it's a hgeimon. That is the political objective of this war. Okay. Um Israel is a bit more complicated. All right. For Israel, oh sorry, sorry, sorry. One other thing is humble Israel. That that's the other thing because even even if you defeat the United States, you still have to deal with Israel, okay? And Israel is the great military power of the Middle East. So you want to humble them. You want to weaken them. You can't destroy Israel because Israel has nuclear weapons, right? You piss off Israel, those nukes start flying. You don't want that, right? So those are the three major political objectives for Iran. Control the moves, destroy SNCOM, and humble Israel. Okay? If you are Israel actually for you the strategy is different. What you want to do is this. You want to destroy Sencom and destroy Iran. Okay, those are objectives. Why? Because if you destroy both United States and you destroy Iran, then you are the sole hegeimon in the Middle East. Okay? also destroy the GCC, destroy Saudi Arabia as well. Why? Because once Saudi Arabia is destroyed, all its resources belong to you. Okay? And then this creates something called the Greater Israel Project, which is what we will discuss next class. But as you can see, that's really important is that even though United States and Israel are allies, their automo strategy is different. Their objectives are different. In fact, they're in conflict. Okay. They have Saudi Arabia. What does Saudi Arab Arabia want to do? Well, destroy Iran because if you destroy Iran, you have complete control of the moves. Then you you can be a bully. Okay? But you also want to destroy the US and you want to humble Israel. All right? Does that make sense? All right. So by understanding how each player perceives the game, we can now understand how they will go about their strategy. Right? So the United States just wants to destroy Iran. But as you can see, Israel, Saudi Arabia, and Iran all want to destroy the United States. And how do you do that? You do that by forcing the United States into a long ground war. Right? Therefore, if you're Israel, you don't want to use nukes. Why? Because nukes would end the war too quickly. You want to drag this war out as long as possible to force the United States to send in ground troops. And you're like, well, why doesn't the United States use nuclear weapons? And the answer I is already told you the escalation ladder. It needs to justify justify itself to the to the people. Okay? When you do anything, all right, when you do anything, sorry, when you do anything, you have to worry about certain factors. Okay? You have to worry about troop morale. Your soldiers have to believe that they are fighting for a good cause. Okay? You have to worry about public opinion. You have to make sure that the world is on your side. You have to worry about politics, political will. You have to make sure the people are unified. Uh, and you have to worry about enemy morale. You don't want to piss off the person, your enemy so much that they go into an extreme, uh, they jump the escalation ladder to too to extreme beyond beyond your control. Okay, does that make sense? Okay. So, as you can see, war is extremely complicated. It's not just about weaponry. It's not just about um resources. It's ultimately about controlling the narrative, controlling the political landscape. Okay? Marshalling the resources in a proper way that is strategically beneficial. All right? Does that make sense to you guys? Okay. So, um yeah. So, we we just answered two questions. Will the NC use ground troops? Yes, it will because Iran, Saudi Arabia, and Israel will work together to force a ground invasion even though the United States doesn't want to do so. But unfortunately, United States doesn't have a clear coherent strategy. It's passive. Therefore, it can be manipulated into sending a ground invasion. Okay. And the second question is, will Israel, United States use nuclear weapons? And the answer is no because it's not in their best interest to use nuclear weapons. Okay? Israel wants the United States to lose this war. And that means a long war that destroys the American political will to fight any more foreign wars. If America loses, Israel becomes the dominant power in the Middle East. Okay. And so the last question is the Alaxic Mosque and we will answer that next class on Thursday. Any questions? Will will Americans take over Iran like what they did to Venezora like they captured their president? Okay, look. The strategy in the beginning was to do a Venezuela in Iran, meaning you go in, you kill the leader, a new leader emerges, negotiate with you, and and surrender to you because you're too powerful. Okay? But Venezuela and Iran are two very different countries. The Venezuelan elite is very pro-American, meaning that their their wealth, their children, their family is stored in America. Therefore, the Venezuelan elite have invested interest in negotiating a deal with America to protect their own interests. But for uh 40 plus years, America has sanctioned the Iranian elite and Iran has become poor and angry and disgruntled because of that. Therefore, they have they lose nothing by fighting you. Okay? So, even though you've killed the supreme leader and you've killed many of their leaders, in fact, the elite themselves are unified in opposing you. Okay. Does that make sense? Okay. Any more questions? Uh yep. Um Allan >> so I in fact have a question about the motivation of US to involve in this war. like uh as you said that US want to control all the all the oil so like they must destroy Iran but I I think this is like a little bit confusing because uh I think US know that this war is really uh highly risk and it can potentially even like destroy the whole systems. So why US risk the the the risk of like whole system collapsing to like control the oil that Iran had? Okay. All right. So, this is the um key question that everyone's arguing about. Quite honestly, we're going to argue this for the rest of eternity. Okay. We're we're going to argue this for eternity because like no one knows and there's never going to be a clear answer. In fact, there are multiple possibilities. Okay? What what I'm going to do today is offer you the most simple explanation. In the next class, I will offer you a much more complicated explanation. Okay? But simple explanation is this. Again, this goes back to military doctrine. Um, how the United States military works. Okay? And the military doctrine is prevent the heartland from arising. Right? So, United States is here. This is Europe. This is Russia. This is Iran. India, China, Japan, this is um Middle East and this is Africa. All right. So the American military doctrine is this. The greatest threat to American power is the heartland unifying. Okay? Why? Because if the heartland unifies, it can trade by itself through railways. But America is primary a naval power. Therefore, it requires people to trade by sea. Okay? And so its strategy is to make sure there's never any cohesion in the heartland either by making sure that no great power arises in the heartland. And that's why America went went to war in World War I and World War II because there's a great fear that Germany would conquer the world or Europe and Asia and create the heartland. Okay? Therefore, America has to stop Germany from rising. Um so you either make sure no great power arises or you create so much conflict that they're always fighting each other. And that used to work before. Okay. Now there's a problem. The problem is the bricks nations Russia, Iran and China are coming together and if they come together guys that's a major piece of the heartland and everyone else Europe Middle East Africa with India was probably follow because this is easier to trade in the heartland it is trade with America especially with the US dollar declining right so in other words United States has no no choice but to fight this war because That's their entire strategy to maintain hegemony in the world to prevent the heartland from unifying. All right? Does that make sense? Because like once you destroy Iran, the heartland fractures. There's no way that they can now trade together anymore. They're still reliant on American um maritime routes. Okay. America maintains the head is still the hedgeimon because it controls world trade. Whoever controls world trade controls the world. Whoever controls the heartland controls world trade. Okay. Does that make sense? Okay. But this is just one explanation. There's actually other explanations and I I'll go into a more complicated explanation next class. All right. Any more questions? Yep. So you mentioned Saudi Arabia and how it wants to see the downfall of both uh the US and Iran. >> He wants to see the downfall of Israel, US and Iran. >> Yeah. And to me that sounds like a pretty big goal. And how would you say how would they possibly use their strategy to achieve that goal or how would it possibly be for Saudi Arabia? >> Okay. All right. So, it's very confusing to people why Saudi Arabia is actually against Iran. Okay. But actually, if you go back and look at their history, they have major conflicts with each other. All right. So, let's go over uh some some of their conflicts. All right. So, uh Saudi Arabia, Iran, the first major conflict is that Iran is a theocracy and Saudi Arabia is a monarchy. A theocracy just means that you're ruled by clerics who represent God. A monarchy is a king who represents God. And for the Iranians, that is blasphemy. That's heresy. That's against the religion. Okay? So Saudi Arabia and Iran hate each other. Saudi Arabia sees Iran as a threat and trying to induce a revolution within Saudi Arabia. Iran sees Saudi Arabia as blasphemous. Okay. And it's a huge issue because Saudi Arabia is the home of Mecca Medina, the two holiest sites in the Islamic world. Okay. Second issue is that uh Saudi Arabia is Sunni and Shia uh and Iran is Shia. So these are two different sects of the same religion, but it's like Protestants and Catholics. They just hate each other. Okay. Um Okay. And the last thing is that Iran uh is anti-US and Shiat and Saudi Arabia is pro- US. What this means is that Saudi Arabia has military bases, American military bases inside of the Holy Land. And for the Iranians, that is the worst crime, right? Because it's infidels who are protecting the Holy Land. Infidels are not allowed in the Holy Land, right? You're not if if you're not a Muslim, you're not allowed to go to Mecca. All right. All right. So, Saudi Arabia and Iran hate each other. Saudi Arabia has a huge problem in that it is an oil economy. It's most of its GDP comes from or exports. And for the longest time, it was trying to build a notch economy. It was trying to build tourism. It was trying to promote games. Okay. does not work. So if you're Saudi Arabia and you see the future, it's a pretty dismal future because eventually your oil is going to run out. Eventually people are going to switch to electrical vehicles digitization which means that oil is no longer so imported. Okay. So what you need to do is if you're able to control the Middle East, right? So where where you get your money now is from trade access. That's a viable future. If you just sit back and wait, eventually your nation is going to run out of oil and therefore it's going to cease to exist. Okay? So, Saudi Arabia needs to act now and it needs and the way that it wants to act is it wants to create a conflict between United States, Israel and Iran where they destroy each other. Once they destroy each other, Saudi River can come up on top. Now, Israel cannot be destroyed because Israel has nuclear weapons. But the goal is to negotiate a peace with Israel after the war is over. Right? Does it make sense? To split the Middle East between Israel and Saudi Arabia. But will Israel agree to this deal? Probably not. But according to game theory, Saudi Arabia has no choice in this matter because it is so far behind everyone else. Okay? You can only hope that this chaos leads to new possibilities because given the structure of the game so far, it does not have a very good future. Okay, does that make sense? All right, any more questions, guys? All right. Okay, great questions. So, please continue to follow the war. Okay, so you have to follow the war and understand what's going on. And in this class, what I'm doing is I'm providing you the game theory analysis for you to understand what's happening and why it's happening and where this war is going. Okay? Again, the three big predictions I make um and we'll know in the next year or two if these things three things happen or not is the United States will send in ground troops. It has no choice in the matter if it wants to win this war or continue this war. There will be no nuclear weapons being used. Again, I will apologize to the world if new glorins are are used. Okay. The third is that the Alexic mosque will be destroyed at some point and it's something I will talk about next


=== spg58Glfz68 ===

As I mentioned last class, there are three major questions that will determine how this war is fought, what they what this war uh will end up looking like, and how the world will change. And um as I discussed last class, I'm making three predictions about this war. The first is United States will use ground troops. Um, and this will mean that Donald Trump will institute a national draft. Okay, that's the first prediction. Second prediction is that Israel and United States will not use tactical nuclear weapons in this war. Number three is that the Alaxic Moss, the third holiest site in the Islamic world, will be destroyed during this war. Okay. So, last class I explained my analysis and my reasoning for um my first two predictions. Today I'll explain my uh third prediction. So, but before we start, I just want to look at some videos, okay? So, you understand some of the context, some of the players in this war. All right? So this is Senator Bloomthal of Connecticut and he is one of the hundred members of the US Senate. He's also one of the members of the gang of eight. Now um when when you are fighting a war, the White House has responsibility to report its um objectives, its purpose, um how the war is progressing to eight members of Congress in a confidential setting. Okay. And this is um Senator Bloomthal after he's been debriefed by the White House. Okay. And this is what he has to say about the progress of the war so far. >> I emerge from this briefing as dissatisfied and angry, frankly, as I have from any past briefing in my 15 years in the Senate. I am left with more questions than answers, especially about the cost of the war. My questions [snorts] have been unanswered and I will demand answers because the American people deserve to know. And I guess I am most concerned about the threat to American lives of potentially deploying our sons and daughters on the ground in Iran. We seem to be on a path toward deploying American troops on the ground in Iran to accomplish any of the potential objectives here. And There is also, as disturbingly as anything else, the spectre of active Russian aid to Iran putting in danger American lives. >> All right. So, three things to take away from uh his talk with reporters. Okay. First thing is [snorts] the administration, Donald Trump, the White House has not articulated a budget. How much will this war cost? Which means that this is an open-ended war. We don't know when this war will end and so we don't know what the commitment is and so we don't know how much this war will cost. Okay, that's the first point he makes. The second point he makes is we are on a path towards the deployment of ground troops in Iran. Okay. And that basically means a national draft. The third thing that's crucial is he says that they know for a fact that Russia is already involved in this war aiding Iran. Okay. So that's the three main takeaways from um okay so this is um um the foreign minister of Iran Agachi talking to NBC News. All right. And NBC News is going to ask Agachi, hey, there's talk United States already of ground troops being used against uh Iran. Okay. Now, I want you to observe his response and then the response of the journalists. President Trump has not ruled out boots on the ground in Iran. Are you afraid of [snorts] a US invasion in your country? No, we are waiting for them. >> You you were waiting for the US military to invade the ground troops. >> Yes. Because [clears throat] we are confident that we can confront them and that would be a big disaster for them. >> Okay. Do you understand? Okay. >> So, you're saying that that Iran is ready and willing to take on the US military if there were to be ground troops? >> Well, we were ready for this. Okay. So again certain things to appreciate. First of all the foreign minister I got you he is not at all concerned about ground troops. In fact he basically said it's a trap for you guys. You come in we've been preparing for about 20 years for this. We will destroy you. Another thing that you will notice is the journalist is completely surprised by the answer. He's shocked into silence. He has to ask again, wait, are you saying you're ready for ground troops? And so this shows you that within Washington DC, okay, within uh the Trump administration, within the foreign policy elite, within the media elite, they haven't really fought this out. They really haven't haven't considered the possibility of losing this war. Why should we see right now it's a bubble? Okay, it's an insular bubble where everyone just believes the same things and that's very problematic. Um, if you are to continue fighting this war. Okay. [snorts] All right. Let's continue. [laughter] Okay. This is um um Rabbi Sneersonen and he is the leader or he used to be he he's died but he used to be a leader of an organization called the Shabbat Lubovich. I'll be talking more about Shabbat Lubovich as we go along. Okay. But I introduce you to him now this year 1990 and he is talking to Benjamin Netanyahu who is who is a young and up upcoming uh politician in Israel. Okay. And so let's look at the conversation. 55. >> [snorts] >> Okay. So, what's going on here? Okay. So as an upand cominging politician, Netanyahu is going to the rabbi and the rabbis are the most powerful people in the Jewish society. He basically says, "Will you give me your blessing? Will you support me in my political endeavors?" The rabbi says, "Yes." They also talk about how things are progressing. Okay. So, another way we're saying this is that there's almost like a plan in motion to achieve certain religious objectives and things are going well, but the uh rabbi says, "Ah, but they're not going fast enough because we need the Messiah, the great leader of the Jewish people to come." And we can set in motion things that will force the coming of the Messiah. So, let's speed things up. Netanyahu. Okay. So, what this is, I'll explain later on. Okay. But I want you to be aware of this who these people are. Rabi is very important for our story. And Nahu, of course, is the current prime minister of Israel. All right. Let's continue. All right. We want to know what you're reading now. >> What I'm reading? >> Yeah. of the Jews against Rome. >> What made you pick it up? >> Well, we lost it. I think we have to win the next >> We want to know what you're reading now. >> Okay. All right. So, that's a very quick exchange. Okay. So, a journalist is asking Benjamin Netanyahu, "What book are you reading now?" And he says, "Jews versus, sorry, Rome versus the Jews." It's a book by Barry Strauss, a historian, and it goes about goes on about the three wars that the Jews fought against the Romans, and it was essentially a holocaust for the Jews. A lot of Jews either died or were enslaved. The Romans burned down the second temple. So there's this historical animosity of the Jews against the Romans. Okay. But what you but but what he said is what what Ben Netanyahu said is that I'm reading this book because we lost that war against Rome. But the next war against Rome, we must not lose. The question then is who's Rome? It's not Iran, guys. It's probably not Russia. It's probably America, right? The great empire. So this is strange because Israel is the ally of America in this war but Nanyahu is saying that no our real enemy is Rome and that's what we must prepare for. Okay so I want you guys to keep this in mind. All right this is Peter Hexf who is a secretary of war for uh Donald Trump. Okay. And this is the year about 2018 uh where he is in Jerusalem and he's talking to Christian Zionist and Zionist. Okay. Who these people are I'll explain later on. Okay. But let's let's listen to his speech really quickly. and I and others had a chance to go see the western wall of the temple mount, the western wall tunnels, uh so much of the old city. And as you stand there, you can't help but behold the miracle before you. And it got me thinking about another miracle that I hope all of you don't see too far away because 1917 was a miracle. 1948 was a miracle. 1967 was a miracle. 2017, the declaration of Jerusalem as the capital was a miracle. And there's no reason why the miracle of the reestablishment of the temple on the temple mount is not possible. Okay? So, he is a Christian. He's not a Jew. But what he's saying is that he's come to Jerusalem and he's visited these Jewish holy sites and he can't be he can't help be be amazed beed by the beauty the spirituality of the western wall. He also goes on to say that the there's been a series of miracles. Okay. So 1917 was the buffer declaration when basically uh the British Empire permitted the Jews to found the nation state of Israel. 1948 was when Israel was founded. 1967 was when the the when Israel fought a war against its neighbors and won. Okay. in 2017 was when Donald Trump transferred the American embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, thus recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of uh Israel. And what he's saying is that well if this is a series of steps to achieving a divine plan then the next miracle should be the rebuilding of someone's temple the third temple and that means destroying the Isaac mosque. Okay. So what's going on here? Okay. Again I'll explain to you later on but I want I want you to be aware of who these people are and how they think. All right. Let's go one more video. And so if you want to build uh someone's temple, if you want to build the third temple, you need to get rid of the third holiest site in the seven world. And how do you do that? Well, there are some options. Okay, so missiles will hit the mosque. and clear the place for the third beta mikdash. That could also be a miracle. >> If it was up to me, the last time when they shot hundreds of missiles, I would pretend that one missile came from Iran and shoot it down. You know, then all the Arabs will go against Iran. It will be the end of the problems. You make them fight with each other. this bunch of lunatics. >> Never too late. You deal with a bunch of cowards. >> Okay, so this is a rabbi in Israel. He's saying how last year during the 12th day war in June um Iran was firing missiles um at Israel. And what he's saying is, you know, that was an opportunity for us to pretend the Iranian missile hit the Dome of the Rock, the Actic Mos, thus destroying it. And then we'll the Arabs will blame the Iranians and the Arabs will go to war against the Persians. And then we can just sit back and laugh at these lunatics. Okay? So again, this may be confusing to you as to who these people are, why they are saying these things. All right? But now what what I'm going to do is explain to you what is really going on. Okay? And I keep on saying this, but it is hard from a from a geopolitical perspective to explain this US Iran war. You have to look at the religious perspective. Okay? The religious angle. And that's what I want to focus on today. Okay, sorry. Okay, so again this is the three holiest site in the Islamic world. Um, this is Saudi Arabia, Mecca Medina. And this is the Dome of the Rock, the Alaxic Mosque, which is where Muhammad was supposed to ascend to heaven. And the Jews and the Christian Zionists believe that this must be destroyed so that they can build the third temple or Solomon's temple. Okay. [snorts] All right. So this is the big question in this war and again I I hate I I keep on saying this but I need to be right in my prediction. If my analysis is to be correct if they do not destroy the moss and if they are able to achieve peace then my predictive model my analysis is completely wrong and you just ignore me okay for the rest of my life and I can I can go back to teaching you know the great books or something. All right. So let us examine um why this is important. Okay. So today I want to introduce you to a new theory of game theory called the law of esquetological convergence. Okay. So this is a very hard thing to write down. Okay, it sounds complicated but it's not. Okay, esquetology what it is is a story of how the world ends. And it's very comp and it's it's very compelling for people because remember we discussed this last semester but as human beings we have three questions. Where do we come from? Why are we here? Where are we going? And esquetology provides a story that answers all three questions. Why God created us? What our mission on earth is? And what God has planned for the end of the world. Okay. And different traditions will have different esquetologies. And what's important to uh figure out is in what aspect do these esquetologies converge. Okay, converge meaning a union of these esquetologies. And why is that important? Because it allows you to predict how they will behave. Think of a story as the operating system of a society. And as such, it's a script that they will act out. And if you're able to figure out the different scripts and see how they converge together, where the union of these different scripts are, then you can actually predict how the world will turn out. Okay. All right. So, having explained the law, um I'm going to go into some theory to help us understand um why this is why this works. Okay. All right. So the first thing to understand is something called the universal law of game theory. Okay? And the universal law of game theory states this. Whoever wins a game is able to do this. Okay? mass times um energy times coordination. Okay, so these are the three things you want to look at to understand how well a player would do in a game. So mass is just the number number of people involved um on the team. Okay, energy is just how much attention, focus, motivation there is. Okay, so think of think of it as attention or motivation or action. Okay, any of these words will do. But basically, how how invested are you in winning the game and how willing how hard are you willing to work to win the game? And coordination is just the idea of synchronicity. And what I mean by that is how well do the teammates work together. Okay. And something that you need to appreciate is that the most important thing in war in winning a game is actually coordination. In fact, I would say it's four times more important than just mass. So you can have a lot of people, but if they don't work well together, you're defeated by another team with few few people, but they work well together. Okay? And an energy is twice as important as mass. All right? So let me give an example. Let's just say that you're playing a game by yourself. Okay? May maybe for example, you enter a ping- pong competition or a chess competition. Well, mass and coordination don't really matter cuz you don't have any teammates. And so what matters is energy. How motivated you are to win this game. How much time do you put in practice? How much time do you put into studying and improving yourself? How how focused are you in winning? Okay. All right. So a team sport uh well mass is constant and so what matters is energy and coordination. How well the team works uh well together. Okay. Now um what's interesting is that there are different ways to improve or increase augment the energy and coordination. All right. So maybe um a leader. Okay. So maybe if someone is a really inspiring leader that will make people much more motivated and that will allow them to work well together because all they have to do is listen to a leader. Okay. The problem with leader of course is that eventually he will die. All right. Then you have a family. Okay. Blood. Okay. Um they work well together because they all share similar blood. But we cannot account for the differences within this family. The conflict within this family, right? So historically in the long term um the force that allows teams to beat other teams is the idea of narrative. Okay, narrative or a story. Okay, why? because it implants in the minds of all those who believe in a narrative a series of actions that they must take in order to win the game. Okay? So, think of it as a script and in a script you know what part you play. So, you just have to act it out and that allows for you all to work together to achieve the outcome that you desire. Okay, does that make sense? Okay. And in narrative, the most powerful uh form of narrative is the idea of esquetology. Because esquetology is a complete script, a complete script in which everyone knows what he or she must do in order to achieve the desired outcome. And as esquetology also is able to transcend both time and space, meaning that um you can actually spend centuries acting out the script because everyone knows his role anyway. Okay? And it can transcend borders as well. You can you can go beyond ethnic identity and family. Okay? So the most powerful mechanism in history is esquetology. All right. So what is esettology? All right. So most religions are similar. Most religions require you to be a good person. Be humble. Be kind. Be generous. But there are certain aspects of religions that are extreme. Okay? And we we call them esquetologies. Okay. So, the classic example is a Jewish religion. Okay. In the Jewish religion, if you're um what you believe is that you you no longer live in Israel because a long time ago, the Israelites pissed off God by disobeying him. God told the Israelites, "Do not worship false idols." But the Israelites sinned. They disobeyed. So they were kicked out of Jerusalem and they were forced to wander the earth in a diaspora for centuries. And so what they believe is that they each need to engage in an act of redemption, of humility, of submission, of piety to God if they are to redeem the whole Jewish people. Okay? And when that happens, when they recognize their own limitations, when they recognize um how inferior they are to God and submit to God, then God will send the Messiah to redeem them and lead them back to Jerusalem, defeat the enemies of the Jews, bring all the Jews from the Dash back to Jerusalem, unifying the Jewish people, and then build the third temple so that God can come to earth and live with all the Jews and create heaven on earth. Okay, that is the um Jewish religion that most Jews believe. Okay, like there are a lot of differences. Okay, but but I'm just trying to simplify it for clarity. Okay, but then you have these extremes fanatics who have a different esquetology. Okay, and these people we can say are accelerationists. And what and their point is that this is fine, but it's way too slow and it dissolves us of individual responsibility. If you have faith in God, then you should want to hurry things up and um force the return of God as soon as possible. And you do that by recognizing that um if you actually before the Messiah comes, if you actually go and create the nations of Israel, bring all the Jews back, build the third temple, defeat all the enemies, then the Messiah will come naturally. Okay? And so, of course, most Jews hear this and they think that this is blasphemy. It's heresy because you are defying the will of God. You think you can manipulate God into action. That is wrong. That is the opposite of redemption. That is the worst possible sin you can make. Okay? And so this esquetology is considered a fringe, an extreme, something to be ignored. The problem though is that if you think about it, what an esquetology really is doing is creating a vector board to force the religion to move in a certain direction. Okay? And also if you think about it, if this is a case where esquetology is a vector that forces the mainstream to move in a certain direction, then whichever esquetology is the most extreme, the most violent will be the one that wins out. Okay? Okay. Does that make sense? In other words, what we're going to do today is look at the most extreme versions of different esquetologies. Because quite honestly, even though these extreme versions are shared by only a few people, they're the ones who are working the hardest to achieve their esquetology and therefore they're forcing the religion they are in to move a certain way. Okay. All right. So, um, you hear this and you think this all confusing, but what I'm going to do now is I'm going to share with you a passage from a biography of Rabbi Sn. Remember we um we had a look at Rabbi Snerson talking to Nam saying, "Hurry up. Let's hurry up the return of the Messiah." Okay. Um he is uh in charge of Shabbat Lubaridge [snorts] which again is an extreme esquetology but again because they are so extreme there's willing they're willing to work as hard as possible to achieve their vision and therefore they are forcing the Jewish mainstream in a certain direction. Okay. All right. So um this is a biography of Rabbi Sneer and the Shabbat Lubich movement um was founded in modernday uh Barus [clears throat] and over time it went over to America because it suffered a lot of persecution um by the Russians and today they are a global movement and they are powerful in Russia in America and in Israel. Okay. So, we will discuss Shab Lubich as we move along, but I want to with this passage show you how coordination among estologologists work. Okay. All right. So, so the year is 1939 and the Nazis, Nazi Germanies again who are anti-semitic, they hate Jews, they want all Jews out of Europe. They are overrunning Europe and by 1939 they have conquered Poland Warsaw. Okay. Now Poland Warsaw is where the head rabbi the rebat lubber movement is and his name is um Yseph Yazat. Okay. And he's the father-in-law of Rabbi Snersen. [snorts] and he's an old man and he's in Warsaw and the Nazis are overrunning the city. So his followers in America are want to save his life. Okay. So then the question then is like but how do you do that? Because America and Germany are not best friends. The war is breaking out in um Europe and um Yseph Yitz is a very old man and there are no plane well there are planes but there are no commercial airflights that you can take. Okay. So it's going to be a very long arduous journey across many borders plus um he will need a visa not just for himself but for his whole family. Okay. Now what I'll show you is how powerful these people are and again this is an esquetology where they all share similar vision and therefore they're willing to make the necessary sacrifices in order to help each other achieve this vision. Okay. All right. So this is from the biography in ocean way in America. Yet's followers were mounting a rescue effort with the help of Sad Kramer and an orth orthodox attorney and the son of Luber immigrants. The Shabbat activist Israel Jacobsum hired Max Road a political connected lawyer to secure American visas for Yseph Uitz and his family. Okay. So in other words, even though there may may not be that many followers, they have a wide uh political circle and a lot of reason why is that um they pull their resources together and when they pull their resources together, they're able to invest in real estate together. They're able to invest in business together and they're able to generate a lot of money which they can then which they can then use to influence politics in America. Okay? They can buy politicians. they can um do a lot of things. [snorts] Okay, so the first part is easy. Getting visas for uh the rabbi and his family. Now the problem is how do you actually get to him? Okay, cuz there are no telephones, there's no internet, there are no airplanes. How do you find him in when there's a war going on in Poland when there are Nazis everywhere? Okay. All right, let's continue. Yseph uh Uritz's followers also reached out to Attorney General Benjamin Cohen. Okay. And Supreme Court Justice Lie Brandai. Okay. This guy, this man is very important. He's what I call Sabatine Frankus. What I will show you later on is that uh Sabatine Frankus and the Shab Litz movement are very much aligned. Okay. So even though they're part of the same movement, they are sympathetic towards each other. And he's the most powerful Jew in America at this time. Okay. In the 1930s,4s. um whom yitz had met during his fundraising trip of 1929. The lava's efforts in America were successful. All right. So they won over the Americans. They they've won over the entire American political apparatus and they are dedicated to helping the rabbi escape Europe and come to America. All right. Now the second part is how do you deal with the Nazis? Okay. The libert's efforts in America were successful. On October 2nd, Cohen wrote to Robert Pal, a senior official in the state department, asking for help. The next day, Pal Helmouth Wadhat, a German and a member of the Nazi party, a Nazi who specialized in nationalist industry and economics to see if he would be willing to save one of the leading Jewish scholars in the world. Okay, this is a guy, American, where he's a Nazi and saying, "Hey man, uh, I know you're Nazi, but we need your help to save a Jew." And the guy says, "Yes." Okay. Um, Wilhhat was strategically chosen. He had studied at Columbia University in the early 1930s and had forged a relationship with PEL after the Evian Conference on Jewish Refugees in 1938. Um, seeing an opportunity to curry goodwill the United States, W had secretly contacted Admiral William Patteras, the head of German military intelligence. Wow. The head of German military intelligence. and say, "Hey man, let's help this guy." Caner, a skeptical Nazi who disapproved of SS atrocities and thought the invasion pulled in a mistake, enlisted Major Erns Block, a distinguished veteran of World War I and one of the most trusted officers. Block was a Micheling. Okay, a Michelin just means a German who had some Jewish ancestry, but because he was so valerous in World War I, he was considered a German. Okay. Um, he had been declared of German blood by Hitler in 1939 along with three other soldiers, two of whom were also missing. Block was instructed to find Ysef Yad and bring him to safety. Wow. The Nazis, okay, dispatched their own soldiers to find this guy and bring him to America. And this is again during war. [snorts] But how do you find this guy? Block and his colleagues had to maneuver through the ruins of Warsaw without arousing the suspicions of the SS to find a rabbi who did not know of their mission and did not want to be found. Okay, so this rabbi is hiding for everyone. So how do you find this guy? and he's deadly afraid of all German soldiers because he sees them as just Nazis. This is another problem. Well, Jews in the city were naturally unwilling to divulge the location of his leader to a Nazi officer. Eventually, information came from the Americans. Brendex was informed of Ysef Yev's address by the Shabbat lawyer Arthur Robinitz and relay it via Cohen and Pel to the US charged affairs in Germany. This requires a coordination of dozens and dozens of people who are supposed to be on the opposite side of a war and they're working together to achieve a goal. [snorts] Um, at the end of November, Block found Ysef Yat's apartment and after some confusion convinced the residents he was there to help. Once he had obtained fuel c coupons, train tickets and military clearances for SS checkpoints block loaded Ysef Yzvet and his family under truck and headed for the train station. There the family received first class tickets and boarded a train filled with Nazi officials and soldiers. Okay? And that's how they got him out. In other words, they are able to work above the bureaucracy of different nation states in order to achieve their esquetological goal. Okay? All right. Does it make sense? All right. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go into the idea of esquetological convergence because once we know the different esquetologies and we know how they converge together, we can actually make certain predictions about how this war will progress. Okay. So the first major esquetology I want to look at is called zoroastinism. And this is the first esquetology and it's a it's a it's an esquetology of the Persian Empire. Okay. And this estology is very simple. In the world there's truth and a lie. Okay. The light and the darkness. And it it is our responsibility as humans to live for the light to die for the truth against the lie. And at the end of days, there will be a final battle and a day of judgment. Okay? So, light versus dark and then you have a day of judgment. Okay? Where the god aor master will come down and he will create a paradise for everyone. Okay? So what matters is to live a noble life and await the day of judgment where eventually heaven on earth will manifest. Okay? [snorts] And this is important because if you think about how the Iranians are fighting this war, the Iranians refuse to take the initiative and destroy too much. Okay? They refuse to be the villains in this war because for them in their esquetology it's important to die for the light to fight for the truth. Okay. Now the Jewinism has a major impact on uh Jewish esquetology. Okay. And Jewish esotry again I'm only talking about the most extreme version of this estology. Okay? And in this esquetology um the idea is that the Jews disobeyed God. Okay, disobedience. [snorts] And what and in order to repair the world to save themselves to great heaven on earth, they need to engage in redemption. Okay, redemption. And redemption is really about spiritual alchemy. Improving yourself as a person, being good to yourself, being good to others, loving your neighbor as though you would love yourself. Okay, that's a mainstream idea. But in in the most extreme version, redemption just means acting out God's plan to uh compel the return of Messiah. Okay. And this plan is basically um create Israel [snorts] um return Jewish diaspora, build their temple and this will lot call the war of Gog and Magog. And then when the Jews are most threatened, the Messiah will come to save them um from their enemies. And this will create something called the Mesagani age. Okay? When God rules over the earth through his Messiah who comes from the house of David. Okay? All right. So again, this is a simple version. There are lots of different versions. This is the most simple version for our purposes. Okay. Now what's interesting is that this Jewish esquetology would go on to influence the Protestants. Okay. And this creates a movement called Christian Zionism. Christian Zionism. Um so the technical word for Christian Zionism is called premillennial dispensationalism. Okay. And this sounds very complicated, but it's not. All it means is that God has a plan for how to create heaven on earth. And we have a duty to fulfill his plan by following his instructions. Okay. All right. So what Christian Zionism is doing is that it takes this Jewish esquetology and makes certain changes to it. Okay. So for example the first change that it makes is okay this plan is fine but rather than say that the Jewish Messiah is the representative of God what they say is that no he's actually the representative of Satan. Okay. So the Messiah um in a Jewish tradition becomes the antichrist in the Christian Zionist tradition. And why is this important? It's important because for the Christians, the Messiah must be Jesus. Okay? So the Messiah, so the Antichrist, what he does is that he rules over the world. He's very charismatic and he rules the world in Jerusalem and he starts a war of go war of Gog and Magog in order to conquer the world and destroy the Jews. At this at this point Jesus will return to save God's chosen people, the Jews. And when Jesus returns, there'll be something called the rapture where all Christians will immediately ascend to heaven. Okay. So, the rapture. All right. Okay. So, again, Christian Zionism is working off Jewish esquetology, but it's making some important changes. Okay. So, another way of saying this is um in the beginning, Zionist and Christian Zionist will work together to reach a certain point of history. Okay. What we call the great racial project. But then they will diverge and fight against each other. Okay? So they're allies now, but eventually they'll turn against each other. All right? So now I'm going to talk about the Freemasons because the Freemasons, we'll talk more about the Freemasons later, okay? The Freemasons are also working within the Christian Zionist context [snorts] but they are much more focused on actually how to implement this. Okay. So what they want to do is they want to take the antichrist and turn it into a system. And this system we discussed last semester it's called Pax Judea. What is P Judeica? Pap Judea is that um Israel controls the world through AI. Okay. An AI surveillance state. Okay. Or their exact words is holy empire. Okay. and patch Judea the state will things such as the mark of the beast and what is the mark of the beast it is digital ID okay and this digital ID will also lead to digital currency and they can actually put a microchip or a QR bar in your forehead and this will be considered the mark of the beast okay and this all part of the Christian Zag estology Um, another really important thing about the free basins is the idea of a one world government because remember the antichrist is the leader of a one world government and it'll be based in Jerusalem. Okay. And so the headquarters will be Solomon's temple or the third temple. All right. Okay. So these are the u and then you have the Islamic esquetology. Okay. in in in the Islamic esquetology is a response to all these other esquetologies where they say that when the system is created it'll be called dajel dajel the antichrist okay and when this happens then Jesus will return to defeat the antichrist okay that's the mainstream Islamic esquetology then you have the shia okay the shia remember are the Iranians where they believe that it's not it will be the 12 Iman Mad who will lead um the followers okay the Umrah okay um just means community of follow of believers the believers into victory against the antichrist the dah okay so you can see how these esoters are basically lining up together, right? The Shia or the Iranians. The Islamic is the entire Arab world. Right? Now, there are other two more esquetologies I I want to look at. And again, I know this is a lot. I know this is too much information. And we'll go over these esquetologies specifically as we move along, okay? But I just want to introduce the different esquetologies. Another esquetology that's very important is the Catholic esquetology. And in the Catholic esquetology we can call city of God okay which is the church which is Jerusalem and St. Augustine uh talks about this about how the Catholic church it is the millennium it is the messianic age because we represent God and we bring peace and prosperity to the world. Now what's important about the church is that it became the dominant power in the world because Rome fell. Okay? So Roman Empire collapses. But this is all part of God's divine plan because Roman Empire Rome was the city of earth. Okay? Of power, of money, of wealth. [music] And what matters is Jerusalem, the city of God, of spirituality, of um divinity. Okay. Now, the city of God came to an end because of the rise of the Protestants and the Anglo-American Empire. So for the Catholic Church to achieve its esquetology and establish again the city of God, what they need to do is also see the Anglo American Empire destroyed just like the Roman Empire. Okay. So that is the Catholic esquetology. The last esque esquetology I want to discuss is the Orthodox esquetology. And what's the Orthodox esquetology? the Russians. Okay, this is called the third Rome prophecy. Okay, the third Rome prophecy is basically that Moscow will become the third Rome. Okay, the first Rome of the first Rome was Rome, second Rome was consip, the third Rome will be Moscow. [snorts] And also what's really important to uh appreciate is that there will be no fourth Rome. So when Moscow becomes a third Rome, history ends. Okay. And peace and prosperity will come to the world. Okay. So so what does this mean? It means that Russia will will unite the Orthodox world. Okay. So right now the Orthodox world is split into Eastern Orthodox Sea um and Greek Orthodox Sea. Okay. And something that is very important that this prophecy says is that the Russians will defeat Turkey in a war and then have the Greeks return to Kasanapole which is modern day Istanbul. Okay, that's what the prophecy says. And so you look at all these different esquetologies. Okay. And again guys, this is the majority of the world, right? If you actually look at the convergence points, you come to some startling um conclusions. Okay, so let's look at the convergence. All right, where do they converge? Okay. Well, first of all, okay, where they converge is that the greater Israel project will be achieved. Okay. Pax Judea will be achieved. It's a one world government. Okay. One world government. That is one major con convergence. If that's true, then another convergence is the lxic moss will give way to the third temple. All these esquetologies either say this or indifferent to saying this. Okay, they're not opposed to this. All right, so that's that's why I predict the third uh the Alex moss will be destroyed because they need to build a third temple. Another thing which in which um they converge is the rise of anti-semitism. Why? Because that will force the diaspora, the Jewish diaspora to return to Israel. This is very important for this esquetology. Okay. All right. Another important convergence point is the war of Gog and Magog. We don't actually know what this is, but this war is supposed to be the final war before the return of God, before the end of history, before the end of the world. Okay. What this war is, we don't know yet. But another saying this is that this war in Iran will lead to the war of Gaga Magog at some point. Okay. What this war is, we'll discuss at a later time. Another thing that's very important is US and China are not part of this esquetology. Okay, this is where everyone agrees. For whatever reason, the United States is not going to partake in future events. neither will China which means that um something will happen to these two countries that will make them not significant anymore. Okay. And the best prediction for United States then is civil war. Right. Okay. Civil war. Okay. And this is where um all these esquetologies converge. So in other words this waring event is happening so that these different esquetological tradition can achieve um heaven on earth from their perspective. All right. So what this mean so given this convergence we we actually predict certain events that will happen over the next two to four years. Okay. Because they all want these things to happen together. All right. So let's look at some quick predictions. >> [snorts] >> Okay, first prediction of course is that the US will use ground troops because using ground troops will create a national draft. And what does a national draft do? It creates a civil war, right? A lot of young people are going to refuse to fight in this war. And this this going to create protest then America will have no choice but to deploy the national guard and this will create the recipe for a lot of civil conflict in America. Okay. Another thing that will happen is because you use ground troops you will lose the war and then sencom which is the American military in Middle East will then transfer over to Israel. Okay. What's happening in this war is that the economies of the GCC are being destroyed and that's part of the plan. Okay? Because for Israel to achieve the Greater Israel project, it needs to absorb the GCC and parts of Turkey and parts of Egypt. Okay? So saying this is that the GCC is basically finished. The intention is to collapse their economies and make them irrelevant. Right? The third thing we can expect is that Turkey will enter this war and Saudi Arabia actually will enter the war [clears throat] because you want to use this war to weaken opposition to these esquetologies as much as possible. Okay. So, Tea and Saudi will enter this war and they will suffer tremendously because of their participation. All right. [clears throat] Um again the Alex at Mos will be destroyed. Okay. And then you have the rise of Persia. Okay. The rise of Persia. Why is this important? Because um you need the Zic world to unite against Israel for the end of days, right? So you don't mind if actually Iran wins this war because by winning this war Iran will activate its Persian identity. [snorts] And this is important for esquetology because in the war of Gaga Magog people are interpreting Gog and Magog which will march against Israel. They're interpreting Gogg to be Persia and Russia. Okay. Okay. Together they will ma march against Pax Judeica. Number six is that in Israel you will achieve the Pax Judeica and the Greater Israel project. Okay. So the greater Israel project and Pax Juda are not the same thing guys. Greater Israel is is just basically the territory that the Israelites believed that God had promised their ancestor Abraham. P Judea is a one world government, okay? Based on AI surveillance and the mark of the beast. So um what will happen is that um Israel will use this war to expand its territory and then what will happen is that capital technology um will then start to flow to Israel in order to create the great patria. So think of companies like Nvidia, Oracle, Microsoft, Google. Well, they'll probably transfer themselves to Israel because that is where the power will rest. Okay. Um so Pax Judea um then you will have um Russia winning a war in Ukraine. Okay. And then um return Greeks to Constantinopole. Basically, another way we're saying this is it is possible that um the Greeks go to war against Tokia and then Russia supports the Greeks and return the Greeks to symbol. Okay, but then you're like, wait a minute, Toka is a NATO member. Well, we can also expect destruction of of Europe. Okay, the end of NATO basically. So this war Ukraine, it's not just about Russia protecting its borders. This war Ukraine is also meant to achieve orthodox esquetology to destroy Europe to destroy NATO so that Russia can achieve the third Rome prophecy that means the destruction of Europe. So I will discuss the Russian Ukraine war later on as as we go along. Okay. But what what I'm trying to show you is that just by okay analyzing the most extreme esquetologies of different religious traditions, you can then from this analysis pick out points in which they agree. Okay? And when and at these points you can figure out then how they will affect current geopolitics to make certain predictions about how the war will progress about how the world will transform itself in the next 2 to four years. Okay. So this is called the law of esqueological convergence. It gives us tremendous insight into why things are turned out the way they are. Okay. Because again, I keep on saying this, but purely from a geopolitical perspective, purely from a real politic perspective, this war in Iran makes no sense. But if you look at from an esquetological perspective, then it makes perfect sense. Okay, any questions? [snorts] Yes. But I think like if we look uh into the war between America and Iran um I think Trump is trying to destroy Iran as the same way that he destroys Venezora but it fails which um led Iran to fight back. So I think this could also explain in a political way but not religious. >> Okay. All right. That's a great point in that listen, there's an explanation which is that Trump is just stupid. He's arrogant. They had too much success in Venezuela. They go into Iran and they think it's the same thing. And now they're losing. Okay. And because they're losing um they are just panicking. Okay. Okay. That's true. And um if this explanation is true, then what will happen? What we can expect to happen is that Trump declares victory and goes home. Okay, that's what what we can expect. Um, [snorts] and if if US does go home, then you're right. Okay, so we can expect but sorry. Um, the question is what happens next few months? All right, what you need to understand is this. Um, war is that simple. Once you start a war, you can't end the war. All right. So, let me explain very really quickly why. Okay. [snorts] So, you have Iran and the main thing the main advantage that Iran has over the United States is the GCC cannot defend itself. Okay? Because it's just a desert and Iran it's a mountain fortress. So, it can shoot rockets. It can shoot drones at the GCC and the GC can't can't defend itself. Okay? Before they thought these US bases could defend against Iran, but now you recognize these US bases can't defend themselves either. Okay. All right. So, um the other thing that Iran does did was close off the trade of Hum. Okay. He closed off the trade of Hum. And this is important because the GCC then um exports oil to Asia and gets back food. Okay. So the GCC basically requires just strives uh in order just to survive. Okay. Now let's just say the US Donald Trump's like, "You know what? Screw this. This is a stupid war. The Middle East is stupid. We're going to go home." Okay. What happens now? What happens is that Iran says to GCC, "Hey man, you attacked us. You destroyed our infrastructure. You destroyed our economy. You have to pay pay a rent pay a compensation. Okay. Right. Also, hey man, now we control the stable moves. So if you want to um useful moves, you have to pay us a toll. You have to pay us a tax, right? So all this money of the GCC before it's going to United States um to fuel the US economy. Now where does it go? It goes to Iran, right? That's a lot of money, man. We're talking about trillions and trillions of dollars. And what what will Iran use with this money? It will use its money this money to repair its economy. So in 5 10 years, this is going to be an economic miracle where now Iran is able to industrialize, really fast. And as a result, what's going to happen? What's going to happen is that United States leaves the Middle East. Iran becomes the superpower and controls the entire Middle East right now. What now? Israel has nuclear weapons. And so what's going to happen is that Israel and Iran will sign a peace treaty. Okay? But the United States won't be involved. United States goes home. It doesn't get any money from the GCC. What's going to happen to the US economy? It's going to collapse. Why? Because the entire US economy is based on the stock market, on finance, on AI, on investment from the GCC, right? So the question then is, can Americans go home? The answer is no, they can't. Because if they go home, their economy is going to collapse and the people are going to have a revolution anyway. So you're better off sending people to Iran than have the people in America cause a revolution, right? Okay. So, you're right in that it's possible that Donald Trump made a mistake, but doesn't matter if it was intentional or accidental. You have the same outcome and and strangely enough, the strange out this outcome that you have matches that aligns with these different esquetologies in the world. Okay. Does that make sense? Okay. All right. Any more questions? All right. Okay. So, we'll continue this next week, guys. Okay.


=== aQSDSqdlFxk ===

Today I want to look at three questions. Why did this war between the United States and Iran start? How will this war end? And what will happen after this war ends? And to answer these three questions, we need we need to discuss the nature and structure of our reality. And the first thing you need to understand which is very hard is that our world is a hallucination. It's a collective fantasy. All right. So to understand this idea let's look at Plato's allegory of the cave. Okay. Plato, sorry, Plato's allegory of the cave. And so in this cave, we're deep inside the earth and it's dark. There's some light coming in, but not much. And we're all chained in a line together, okay? And there's about a million of us. We're on the floor and we're chained to the ground and we can't really move. We can't get up. We can't move around. Even our necks are shackled. So, we can't turn around and see the world around us. Okay? So, there's about a million of us all sitting down and staring at a wall together. Okay? And this wall is blank. Behind us is great fire. And there are people around this fire. Okay, they we don't know who they are, but they are free to move around. And what they do is this. They take uh puppets and then they reflect the puppets onto the wall creating shadows. And we are mesmerized by these shadows because before we're staring at a blank wall and now there are these moving shadows and we think these shadows are real because we don't know any better. So we give them names. Okay, we give them names and we create a language in order to tell stories about these shadows and this becomes really our collective reality. Okay. So another way of saying this is that reality is a collective conscious which become which is really a a hallucination. Okay. All right. So there are certain things about this reality that we need to keep in mind. Okay. So first of all what's really important to understand is that what creates this reality is our conscious our imagination our perception not anyone else us. Okay. So in other words the wealth in the society is our conscious consciousness the amount of thought we put into something. And so let me give an example. Let's just say that I were to ask you to make a vase to sell on the marketplace. Okay? While you're making this vase, if you are listening to music, if you are chatting with a friend, if you're not fully conscious and focused and attentive about making this vase, it won't be very good. But if you are completely focused on creating the most beautiful vase you can and you're not distracted by anything then this vase will be beautiful and therefore more valuable in the marketplace. Okay. So in other words, it is our conscious attention that creates wealth in this in this uh world and it is really money our capital that extracts and stores our consciousness and turns it into wealth. All right. So that's a really important concept that most people don't understand but you need to understand this if we are to understand the nature of reality itself. Okay. So that's the first thing you you need to understand. This reality is structured to extract our consciousness in order to create wealth for the elite for these people. Okay? And historically there have been different mechanisms that you can use in order to extract and store wealth. All right? So you have maybe religion. Okay? And so think of pyramids, right? Because pyramids in Egypt are able to focus your attention and motivate you to do certain actions, okay? To engage in religious worship. But really temples. So that's one form of capital. Another form of of capital of course is the idea of stories. Homer, right? Homer is the father of Greek civilization because he wrote the Iliad in the Odyssey which is able to focus people's attentions and drive them to great things. Then you of course in today's world you have uh the Bible and uh the main mechanism to extract and store wealth in today's world of course is the US dollar. Now, but there's another force that's being created in order to replace the US dollar and this is called artificial intelligence. All right. So, what we'll discuss later on is that there's actually a war going on for the soul of humanity for the human consciousness between US dollar the old world world order and artificial intelligence the new world world order. Okay? But I want you to keep this in mind. Right? All right. So that's the first thing I want you to understand. Second thing that I need you to understand is that these people they we don't know who they are. Okay. But what we do know is that they don't force us to do anything. There's not enough of them. Okay. The way they power is through manipulation and trickery and deception. And we know this because in playing alley with a cave one day, for whatever reason, one guy decides, you know what? I feel as though this is not the real world. I feel as though there's something outside this cave. So, he or she starts messing around with the chains and and realizes these aren't chains. These are just like ropes. I can just like get rid of them. And this this chain around my neck, it's like a it's like a ribbon. I I snap it off. And he doesn't know why he does this, but he does this. He does do this. And he when he does this, they don't even care. Like whatever, man. Do whatever you want. And so he releases himself. He's blind because he's been in dark all his life, but somehow he recognized that there's this light, okay, outside the cave. And he and he is compelled to this light. So he's walking, stumbling to this light and again they are like watching him like we don't care. Do whatever you want man. They don't stop him. He goes out into the light and now he's outside and it's pure light. Okay, he's left the cave and at first he's in pain and he struggles to re reorientate himself to this new world. But then eventually he falls in love with this world. It's a beautiful world and it's like for him heaven. And he's like, "Oh my god, this is the real world. The cave is a fake world that we created ourselves. Let me go back there and tell everyone about the truth." And when he goes back, they again they leave. Don't stop him. Like whatever you want, man. Do whatever you want. Okay. So they who are in power, you think they have an army, you think they have magic and you think that they're evil, but really all their power rests on our belief in their power. Okay, they themselves don't have any power except to manipulate us. Okay, that's something you need to understand. The third thing you you need to understand is that even though this is a fake world, people don't know this. They think it's real. In fact, they believe it is so real that they are willing to die for it. So that when this man who's seen heaven, who's seen the truth, who's come back to tell everyone these chains that you have aren't real. we can break free and escape into a real world if they if he dares to tell them this together they will kill him. Okay, do you understand? So in other words, the reality is a hallucination. It's created by us, but we fall in love with it. We're so attached to it to it psychologically and emotionally that if anyone tells us it's fake, we kill them for it. Okay. So, these three things I want you to keep in mind as we explore our world because our world is actually just Plato's cave. All right. So, let me show you how. All right. So, you need a force in order to create this reality to train us together. Okay. And this force of course is called the American Empire. All right. the empire. Basically, just a military, but they themselves don't really want to control this world because they're an army. Okay? So, what they do is they allow the creation of a financial order, a global financial order, which then constructs the game that we play. Okay? And these people then uh construct the reality that we live in. Okay? So this is the global financial order and and what is this global financial order? Well, at the very top is something called the bank of international settlements in bas of Switzerland. Okay, the central bank of central banks. Below them is the uh world bank, the IMF, international monetary fund which controls the rules of the global financial order and then below them are something called potential banks. Okay. So the federal reserve in United States, the bank of bank um the people's bank of China in China. Okay, the England in England. Okay, so together they create the global financial order. And what is the global financial order? It's just to use the US dollar as a main mechanism of wealth extraction and wealth storage. Okay, really simple. The US dollar. Another way of of understanding these people is is to think of them as the game masters. Okay, the ones above us who constructed the game and controlling the rules of the game as we play it. Okay, the game masters. Okay. So once the game has been created with the rules and incentives, now we can play the game and this game is called the global economy. All right. So when China trades with the United States, when you go off um to Europe on vacation, you're all participating in a game created by the financial order. Okay? And the purpose of this global financial sorry this global economy is to have everyone play as much as possible so that wealth can be transferred from the world to the United States, the powers that be. Okay? And they do this through two mechanisms. The first is the US dollar. So every time you use the US dollar, you're actually paying a tax to America because America has the power to print as much US dollars as it wants. Okay. The second way that uh it does this is through something called price hierarchy. Okay. A price harchy. So the global economy is divided into tiers. Okay. So resources are considered the cheapest even though in reality it should be the most expensive, right? Because resources are resources are limited. They're finite. Above resource of course is manufacturing and above manufacturing is knowledge economy and then the highest is finance. Okay. Basically the game masters. All right. So and as we can see once with this price hockey in place what we can do now is divide the world according to the specialties. Okay. So resource of course would be Russia, Russia, uh the Middle East, the GCC, okay, Saudi Arabia, these places. Okay. So these places provide resources. Manufacturing then would be be China, right? Knowledge would be Europe and uh the five eyes. Okay, basically the angle sphere, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Britain. Um and then finance of course United States. Okay. Sorry. The United States. All right. So as you can see this is a system that benefits United States and its allies to the to the detriment of China and Russia. Okay. But this is how the game is structured. Of course if the United States doesn't like you, what it can do is not allow you to play this game. And these countries of course would be North Korea and Iran among other countries. Okay. So, China and Russia isn't happy about the system, but at least they get to play. Iran and North Korea are not even allowed to play the game of the global economy. All right. Now, of course, you can't have people believing that, okay, this entire global economy is structured so that the west can steal resources from everyone else. Okay? So what you do is you create another layer called the rulesbased national order. Okay, multilateral organizations which includes the UN and the WTO. Okay, world organization. Okay, this this is called the rulesbased international order. But it's really controlled by the empire. Okay. So so all all these are just basically shadows on the wall that the empire is creating projecting. Okay. to fool us into behaving the way the empire wants. All right. So now that you have the system in place, what you need to do is indoctrinate people into believing that the system is fair, just and good. Okay? And you do that through three mechanisms. These three mechanisms of course are education, um media and culture, right? What is education? Well, schools guys and universities, academia, you think that you go to university to learn knowledge. No, you don't. You go to university to be brainwashed into believe that the system is not just fear, but actually what really makes this system work is um the rules based natural order. Okay, you think about empire. So that's education. Then of course you have media which is um CNN, BBC, New York Times. Each time you read an article, you think you're receiving news. You're not receiving news. You're being brainwashed into believing that this order is fair, just, and appropriate. Okay? A phrase that you'll keep on hearing over and over is rules based natural order. Okay? But it's not a rules based in natural order. It's cave. It's a deception. And the last of course is culture, which is Hollywood and you know, television shows, sitcoms, okay? things that you ab that that you absorb every day. There's high culture and there's low culture. All right? So these are three mechanisms in which um this order is basically indoctrinated into everyone so that you didn't you don't even know this is a deception. Okay, you believe that this is reality itself and this is all to create um values and norms. Okay, just the way you see the world, which allows for the creation of a legal structure. So that if you break the rules, it's not that the elite will come after you. They don't have to come after you because everyone else will come after you. Okay? If you're that guy who discovers that this is all deception, they'll kill you. Okay? Not the elite, but the people around you will kill you because you are breaking their fantasy. Okay? You're destroying their fantasy. All right? So, this is a very effective system. Um the problem though is that you need to spread the system. Okay. So there's three problems. Okay. First of all, you have to protect the system, the status quo. Then you have to um spread this system as well. Okay? And you then you also need to justify the system. And you do that through three transnational systems, three transnational organizations. And these are okay first of course is intelligence. What is intelligence? Spies. Okay. Their job is to infiltrate other nations elites and co-opt them into the system. That's what that's what their job is. Okay. That's what intelligence does. Then you have crime. crime um just engages in the most profitable enterprises which includes of course drugs, human trafficking and something called money laundering. Okay. And this is a way to incentivize the global elite to work together. Okay. So that's the first two. And then there's one more mechanism called science. Now you think that science is about pursuing the truth. No, it's not. Okay? Science is fundamentally about finding evidence to justify and protect the status quo. Okay? That's why science is fundamentally materialistic. Okay? Right? And what so if we so we have to remember like this system is trying to create values right and these three major values is um something called the open society okay what is open society it's just basically globalization multiculturalism the right diversity is good why is it good because it's good we don't know it's good okay do you understand they never find a reason but it's always well you believe it, it means you're racist, which is bad. Okay, so uh open society. Um second is the idea of privat privatization. Okay, or we call neoliberalism or free market, meaning that governments suck at what they do. Therefore, you should allow private entrepreneurs to control everything. Okay, this idea of neol liberalism again there's not much evidence to support this but if you don't believe this it means you're a communist okay which is bad by the way and the last thing of course is consumerism okay so consumerism is just like how do you prove your value in life how do you pursue purpose and meaning in life buy things man okay and then put on Instagram so that people can like like it. You know, that's that's the value of life, man. Make as much money as possible and then buy a yacht, get a get like a super hot girlfriend and then broadcast it on Instagram and then you're a hero. Okay. Of course, what people don't discuss is that this system is making people lonely, miserable, depressed, suicidal. But well, it's because they're not taking enough drugs, right? If you're depressed, you should take any depressence and that will solve the issue. Right? Okay. So, because intelligence, crime, and science are above the nation state, okay, you need other mechanisms to actually operate these three things. And these and so what allows for the system to work is a collection of elites. Okay? And um you can break you up break them down into three groups. First you have transational capital. So think of you know finance transational capital. Then you have secret societies and then you have uh families. Okay. So elite families. All right. And these three uh organizations themselves are bounded by something called the occult. And we'll discuss this later on. Okay. The occult. They call it just basically hidden secret knowledge not available to people that comes from three places well other places as well but but we'll look at three places okay hermetic philosophy the Bible and the cabala okay we'll we'll discuss this later on don't worry too much about the occult right now I'll show you what the cult is later on but this is how the system works all right so there's certain questions about this the first question is okay well if this is True. Why is this system separate from this system? Right? Why not just say that the occult is the basis of everything and then you have the the elite and then you have science, intelligence, crime and then you have the empire. Okay, the reason why is this this is really important for you guys to understand. This is the parasite. Okay, this is the parasite. It doesn't actually create anything. All it does is suck up value, extract value. Okay. And this is the host. So in fact, these are two separate systems, right? This is the host and this is the parasite. Then your next question would be, okay, let's just assume this is true. What evidence is there that this actually works? Because there should be people that operate this system, right? Well, I will give you some names. Okay. All right. So, if it is true that this system is the way it is, there should be individuals in plays that operate the system, right? Well, I'll give you some names. I'll give you two names. Jeffrey Epstein and Jared Kushner. Okay? And I'll explain who they are as we go along. and these families help the Rothschild serious society chabat blue loop bridge all right and you're like this is all conspiracy this can't be true well it's all true and I will give you the evidence that this is all true later on by the way some of you will be like they're all Jews man say the Jews rule the world Well, because um the answer that we have implicates these people who are Jewish, but there are other people who are more powerful who are able to maintain themselves in the shadows. Okay. So, it's not really fair to say that it's a Jewish conspiracy. Okay. I think this explanation, this uh uh system is much actually much more complicated than just saying it's all Jews. All right. All right. So now what what I want to discuss is um the problems of this system. All right. And once you understand the problems of this system then we understand why this war in Iran is happening where it's going and what this means for the world. Okay. So there certain problems with this system I want you to notice. The first major problem is all this is based on empire. The perception of empire. And what this means is that everyone has to believe that the American empire is invincible. It cannot be defeated for the system to work. Right? Once people start to believe that their alternatives, that the empire is weak, then the system cannot work. And so therefore, the only solution to this problem is America has to go fight wars for no reason. Do you understand? It's like being the school bully, right? People pay you money because they think that you're a bully and you are not reasonable. And so to prove that, every now and then you have to go beat another kid for no reason. Okay? You just like just smack the kid. Everyone's afraid of you. That's America. And that's this helps us explain all these wars in the Middle East these past 20 years, right? Why did America invade Afghanistan? Why did America invade Iraq? Why did it blow up Syria? Why did they blow up Libya? Why? Why are they attacking Iran? To prove to the world that I'm still the biggest baddest bully on the block. So, you better obey me or I'll come beat you up. Okay. All right. So, um that's the first problem. Second problem is that the system as you as you as you can see is really really unfair to a lot of countries. Iran, North Korea, Russia specifically. Okay. So, this helps us to understand why Russia invaded Ukraine in 2022 because they're trying to renegotiate the system, right? Because right now the system is discriminated against them. It's extracting their resources for very little money. So, they want to renegotiate the system. The way you renegotiate the system is by showing the empire is not so tough, right? And this but this also shows us why America refuses to surrender Ukraine. This war was lost about 2 years ago. Okay? Ukraine has actually no chance. Why is this war continuing? Because if the perception that empire is weak, that empire can be defeated. If that perception um if people are aware of this, this entire edifice collapses. Okay? Right? people wake up and see it's all shadows on the wall. So America has no choice but to keep on fighting. Okay. And this helps us al this helps us also explain why America invaded Iran to show Russia I'm still the biggest baddest bully. And now we understand what Iran is doing. Iran is now attacking this entire edifice. If you think about it what Iran recognizes is this. I cannot attack empire directly. Okay? It's too powerful. They have nuclear weapons. I'm not going to attack the education, media, cultural system of America because it's too embedded. I'm not I can't attack the UN and WTO because it's all being controlled by America. So the only thing I can attack is what? The global economy, right? That's why they closed off the street moves because once they put pressure on the global economy and that's all interconnected, it destroys the entire edifice. You understand? It is a house of cards. You find the weak point and you hit it. So it all collapses. Okay? And that's why Iran is doing what it's doing. And what this also tells us is this. There can be no ceasefire. There can be no truce. There can be no peace because both the American Empire and Iran are fighting for the nature and structure of reality itself. All right. And the third thing I want you guys to be aware of of is is this remember alleg with the cave? They really don't really have to do anything because the prisoners themselves want to protect the system. Well, this is true as well where if you are in education, media and culture and you are at the very top, you are not in power but you benefit from the system and therefore you insist on protecting the system at all costs. And these people of course are called the boomers. Okay. Okay. Not all of them. Okay. But the elite of the boomers, even though they themselves don't have that much power, there's a lot of them, okay? And they will fight. They will make their politicians and the military fight to the death to maintain the illusion of empire which benefits them. All right. Again, Plato's alley of the cave. Okay. All right. So um now we can answer all three questions. Why did this war start? Because America had no choice in the matter. Okay. It had to defend the illusion that the American empire was invincible. Otherwise this entire edifice would collapse. Okay. When will this war end? This war ends when the global economy is destroyed. Because once the global economy is destroyed, this entire edifice collapses. Okay? And what will happen after this war? Well, a new world will emerge where there are different um spirits of influence. Okay? But we'll discuss this later on. But I first introduce to you the big structure of what's going on. Okay? All right. So now what I want to do is I want to go more into the structure of this world. Okay. This what I want to show you is Jeff Epstein is one of the operators of the system. He works for the Rothschild as well as civil societies as well as capital Capital and he is embedded in science crime and intelligence. Okay. And again the evidence is something called the Epstein files. All right. So let's look at the Epstein files. Okay. So this is um Jeffy Epstein and this is Donald Trump. All right. Jeff Epstein died in 2019 in a federal prison and he was on he was being charged with um um many crimes and it's and the FBI ran an investigation into him and just recently the United States called the Department of Justice the DOJ on their website they released about 3 million documents pertaining to the epine investigation and a lot of these are emails And what you discover is that he knows everyone who's powerful in the world. So for the longest time it was believed that Jeffrey Epstein was a Mossad agent. Okay? and his job was to lure powerful American um powerful Americans such as Bill Gates, Bill Clinton to his island called Epstein Island where he would film them engage in compromising activities and then he would blackmail them. Okay? And that was for the longest time what people understood to be Jeff Epstein's role. And then you but then when you look at the emails what you recognize is that no actually that's what he did for fun. Actually he made most of his money in arms trafficking and in money laundering. Also Bill Gates wasn't going to uh Epstein Island uh to give Jeff Epstein money. Jeff Epstein w he went to ask for money. Think about this. Okay. Bill Gates at once um before the wealthiest man in the world. He was begging Jeff Epstein for money. Think about that. All right. Okay. So, let us look at who he is. Okay. This is Peter Theo. Peter Theo, as you know, is one of the wealthiest men in America. and Peter Theo and Jeff Epstein are arranging a time to meet. Again, it is not Jeffrey Epstein is seeking these guys out. They're seeking him out. Okay. Ellen Musk, the wealth the wealthiest man in the world. He's actually trying to arrange an appointment with Jeffrey Epstein. All right. Why? Because Jeffrey Epstein says, "I represent the Rothschild." All right. Your money is fake. Your money, stock market money, your money is an illusion. I represent real money, real power, real wealth. Okay. All right. The Roths. All right. So, Jeffy Epstein is very close with the Rothschaw family. Why? Well, this is Arena de Rothschild, one of the members of the Roshaw family. Okay. And um in December 2018, okay, this is a year before he dies. All right. Um, Jeremy Epstein sends Aaron Deaf an email saying, "Hey, let me tell you something really funny. Harvard is saying that when Hitler was poor, he lived in a home, a charity home that was financed by three wealthy families who are Jewish." And who are these three wealthy families? They're the Rothschilds, right? Then they're the Epstein, me, and the governments. So these three families Rothschilds, Epstein's and Gummans going back centuries. All right. So Epstein is a member of one of the most powerful families in the world. All right. Now um Artha responds and and says, "Oh, it's just a conspiracy theory, right? It's just saying that the Jews created Hitler." And Epste gets angry at him and says, "No, it's 100% true, man. Hitler was selling his clothes and already living in a shelter funded by Jewels. Epstein, Ross, and Gutman. No conspiracy. It's really true." Okay. The Epste, who are we? We're the Vienna bankers. All right. We've been around for the longest time. You Ross think you're powerful. Well, we're powerful, too. Okay. All right. Let's continue. All right. So, the FBI is running an investigation on Jeffrey Epstein and they create a file on him and there's a um confidential human source, a spy basically who they recruit to tell them who Jeffrey Epstein is and what his network is. And the FBI is sort of blown away by what they discover. Okay. So, um Amber, could you help me read, please? Okay. All right. All right. So, I want you to start up a talk and it's a bit hard to read. Okay. But but try your best. Okay. Um, Jeffrey Epstein was was represented by Dur Show. >> Alan Dersowitz. Okay. Alan Ders is a Harvard professor. >> He's he's one of the most powerful men in America. Okay. Alan Ditz. Keep on going. >> CHS remembered Durowitz. tell Alex Okas Okasa, >> US attorney of Southern District of Florida at the time that Epstein belonged to both uh US and allied intelligence services. >> Okay. So, um in 2008, Epstein was arrested in Florida for um doing inappropriate behavior. Okay. And George comes in and says, "Hey, you can't arrest this guy because he works for intelligence." Actually, the truth of the matter is intelligence works for him. Okay, keep on going. >> CHS shared phone calls between Deseriz and Epstein during which he/ she took notes. After these calls, Mosad would then call Dowitz to debrief. Epstein was close to the former prime minister of Israel, Ud Barrick, and trained as a spy under him. Barak believed Netanyahu was a criminal. Saudi Arabia, Israel, and the United uh Arab Emirates are allied against Qatar, Turkey, Iran, and Syria. When >> Okay. Okay. All right. So, here it says that Epstein worked for Assad. That's not true. Okay. All right. So, you look at Epson's life. He actually started his career at Dalton. Dalton is one of the most prestigious elite schools in America. That's all where all the most powerful, wealthiest family send their children. Okay. He was hired as a teacher. Then he went to work for Bear Sterns. Bear Sterns, which is a financial firm. And there he learned um finance. But then he went to work for Doug Lee. Who's Doug Lee? Douglas is an arms trafficker uh involved with iron contraure. Okay. So he's one he's one of the biggest global arms traffickers in the world and then he worked for uh started to work for Barack who is the prime minister or the former prime minister of Israel. All right. So you're like everyone's like okay well it's because he sucks everything and that's why he was being uh moved from one place to to another. Okay. But another way another way of saying this is he's an operative and he is being trained in how power works by mentors. Does that make sense? Let's just say I have a big company right and I'm a chairman. My son is going to inherit this company. How do I train him to be a good boss? Well, I have him work in different departments of the company and I have mentors train him in these different departments. Right? So what is D stolen? Daltton is education, right? What is Beerus Sterns? Finance. What is Doug Le? He is criminal, arm trafficking. And who is Bar uh sorry U Bar? He is intelligence. Right? Does that make sense, guys? He's being trained, mentored in the different sectors of power in the world. All right. Uh keep on reading. Um Masha Dro Dro Dova telephone number is based in Silicon Valley. She has been running a film called Day One Ventures, a firm called Day One Ventures, which is supposedly an early stage investment company. She used to be Russian President Vladimir Putin's main contact in the Russian youth movement. CHS and Dro uh DOVA spoke, but Draova did not talk at all about technology. Instead, she to looked at CHS and said, "You knew Epstein, didn't you?" She said Epstein was a wonderful man. >> Okay. So, Epstein was connected with Vladimir Putin. Okay. >> All right. Uh let's read the last section. This is most important. Okay. >> CHS advised Shabbad. >> Okay. Shabbad, right? The the organization we talked about. Yes. By the way, >> Shabbat is doing everything they can do to co-opt the Trump presidency. Shabbat is basically state sanctioned Judaism. It is used by Putin to keep tabs on all the Russo Jewish oligarchs. On the day Trump was elected president, Ivanka Trump and Jared >> Kushner >> uh say Kushner. We keep on going. >> Mhm. were at the gravesite of Rabbi >> Snerson. >> So remember last class I showed you a video of Nanyahu approaching a rabbi called Rabbi Snerson and saying will you give me your blessing and snerson says yes I will and please hurry up and make the the Messiah come. Okay so it's all interconnected. Okay. Nanyahu Snerson uh the Trump family Putin and all it's it's all connected through Shabbat Lubovich and Jeff Epstein. Okay, keep on going. >> Who was the most powerful rabbi in the shabed shab shabed network? Um Jared didn't disclose his stake in Kore because of its ties to the Russian state NFI. CHS believed this was is the real Russian collusion story. Kushner had moved a lot of Russian investment money around. The FBI should investigate Kushner's family charities to find evidence of corruption and money laundering. Chev routinely uses char uh charities to launder money. >> Great. So this is it guys. Okay, this is it. The FBI did an investigation. And what they discovered is that Jeffrey Epstein and Jerry Kushner are both part of this transnational network that's able to co-op different nation states including Russia, including America and they're all connected to this other transnational religious organization called the Shabbat Lubich and their leader is Rabbi Sners. It's all one big network. All right. And um let's look at this. Okay. This is um a report a secret government report. What happened was that when Americans went into Afghanistan um the British went into and Prince Andrew who is the brother to the king asked the British uh government to investigate investment opportunities in Afghanistan. Okay. So this is the British government and so whatever they report has to be confidential. It's basically state secret. And this report tells Prince Andrew where the best place to invest in Afghanistan. And what does Prince Andrew do? He emails it directly to Jeffrey Epstein. Okay. You think these guys work for the government, Prince Andrew? No, no, no. They work for Jeffrey Epstein, who works for the Rothschilds. All right. All right. This is Libya. All right. So, in February 2011, okay, this is July 2011, um, America starts bombing Libya and it seems as though Gaddafi will fall and already Jeffrey Epste and his friends are discussing how to make money out of this, right? Because they know that Libya has many assets frozen in American banks. So once a new government comes into place, then this new government will want the money back, right? And Jeff Epstein and his friends are like, let's do this for them and get a commission, right? Can can you read? Um >> Mhm. Understood. Remember, there are already 880 billion in frozen funds/ assets internationally, of which 32.4 billion is in the US. And it is estimated that the real number is somewhere between three to four times this number in sovereign stolen and misappropriated assets. So if we can identify slash recover 5% to 10% of these money uh monies and receive 10% to 25% as compensation we are talking about billions of dollars. But the real carrot is if we can become their go-to go-to guys because they plan to spend at least a hundred billion dollars next year to rebuild their country and jumpstart the economy. Also remember Libya is a rich country as its population is 2 million less than the city of New York and it has the ninth largest crude oil and natural gas reserves on the planet and a literacy rate of almost 80%. >> Okay. Do you guys do you guys understand those what's happening? Okay, these are parasites. They look at geopolitics and they're like, "How can we take advantage of geopolitical advance to make the most money for ourselves?" All right. And you're like, "Okay, well, Jeffrey Epstein is gone." Sorry. Okay. All right. So, something else I I want to discuss with you is Bitcoin. Okay. So, this is a Guardian article, a Guardian article that shows that Jeffrey Epstein was helping to finance development of Bitcoin. All right. But not only that, I I want to show you this picture. This this happened in 2004 at Harvard. Okay, this is Larry Summers who is the president of Harvard University. This is Steven Pinker, one of Harvard's most famous scholars. And this guy is Jeffrey Epste. All right. Who's paying for this dinner? Probably Jeff Jeffrey Epste. And you're like, what is happening here? And again, I keep on telling you guys this. You think academia is about pursuing truth, doing research. No, it's not. It's about protecting and just justifying the status quo. It's about providing a network for powerful people to meet together and to work together. Okay. And the Jeff Files reveals this how corrupt academia and science are. It's all part of this huge transational network, this grand alliance between science, crime, and intelligence in order to extract as much value from the world as possible. Okay, these are parasites. And you're like, okay, how about Jerk Kushner? Well, Jerk Kushner is doing the same thing, guys. Okay, this is Jared Kushner, right? Who's this guy? Vladimir Putin. What are they doing? They're discussing peace in Ukraine. Because what Jared Kushner is saying to Putin is listen I can negotiate okay I'm speculating okay I I don't know okay but I imagine he's a real estate developer so he's saying to Putin hey after this peace treaty happens between Ukraine and Russia Ukraine will need to be redeveloped so you should give opportunities to you know you know okay that's Russia then you go to Iran This is Jer Ker, Steve Woff and the Omani foreign minister. And before the attack against Iran happened, there were these peace negotiations between the Iranians and Jerk Kushner and Steve Wukov who represent the Americans. This guy Steve Wilkov during the negotiations went on TV and said that oh the Iranians are trying to um create a uh they're trying to enrich weapons grade uranium as soon as possible. Okay. So what StephVov is doing is he's sabotaging the peace negotiations. These guys are negotiating with Iranians not to create a peace treaty but to create a justification for war. All right. Oh, and also this is um J Kushner. Sorry. Oh crap. All right. This is J Kushner. This is Steve and this is Benjamin. What are they doing? They're discussing peace in Gaza. Why? Because after peace happens in Gaza, Steve Whipov and Joe Kusha are going to lead a real estate team to develop Gaza into these luxury villas, guys. Okay. So, this is how the world works. All right. But again there's a problem with the system. All right. So okay well this is the way the world works. Now the question then is okay if this is the way the world works and JC and Jar Kushner and others are the real power in the world and they represent the elite. How do we know this? Why is the Epstein files in like out in the government website? Right? Why is it that you can go on the Department of Justice and look at all these things? Well, because there's a problem with this system. This and it's this this system is a parasite, right? So, they are extracting value from the nation state. So, other elites are asking themselves, why can't they be the parasites but not us? Right? So what's happening is a civil war between the elite, these people, and the counter elite, people who want to take the position and become the parasites. Okay? And that's why we're seeing this conflict right now um emerge in America, right? Any questions, guys? Any questions? All right. So we will discuss this civil conflict, this civil war next class.